
Topic 0: software 0.11925 customer 0.03363 time 0.03241 ve 0.02865 service 0.01808 going 0.01806 think 0.01333 people 0.01299 good 0.01231 know 0.01212
 How Many: 26822
Turbo tax error created around $740 less.

During filing, Turbo tax(TT) stated that i am not qualified for Homestead credit. So i searched state website and found below;
****************
You may claim a property tax credit if all of the following apply:

Your homestead is in Michigan
You were a resident of Michigan for at least six months during the year.
You own/rent and occupy a Michigan homestead on which property taxes were levied.
Your household income is less than $82,650
***************

I met all requirement so i contacted TT and below is the conversation;

I do NOT know how they can guaratee 100% accurate calculation

>>>>

Please wait while we find an agent to assist you...
You have been connected to 07_A. Blitz, CPA.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Hi Sun, I'm here to help you today. Just give me a moment to read your question.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: it appears you are wondering if you qualify for the michigan homestead credit, correct?
Sun Mok: yes
Sun Mok: I think your software has incorrect info.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok, and you stated that you lived in MI for over 6 months?
Sun Mok: ###days. 6/## -##/31
Sun Mok: ###
Sun Mok: why numbers shows error?
Sun Mok: one hundred eighty seven days. from june twenty senven
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Please do not worry about retyping the numbers. Due to security precautions, all numeric values are obfuscated (i.e. xx\xx\xxxx) for everyone except the agent, in this case, me. I can see them fine, on my end, so no reason to re-enter on your part.
Sun Mok: okay
07_A. Blitz, CPA: and im assuming you made less then 83k?
Sun Mok: yes
07_A. Blitz, CPA: and you rent or you own?
Sun Mok: i bought current house june ####
Sun Mok: So i own
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok...give me a moment as I try this on my computer.
Sun Mok: thanks
07_A. Blitz, CPA: this is the notice you got "You do not qualify for the Michigan Homestead Property Tax credit because you did not live in Michigan for at least 6 months."
Sun Mok: i got that noitce too
Sun Mok: isn't that error?
Sun Mok: I lived more than 6 months.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: well July -Dec is six months...so that appears inorrect...
07_A. Blitz, CPA: give me a moment
Sun Mok: i even tried to enter ### days and got same answer
07_A. Blitz, CPA: yeah...I did the same thing...
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Im looking into this...
Sun Mok: thanks
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Sorry, I need another couple minutes...
Sun Mok: ok
07_A. Blitz, CPA: What is your filing status? Single?
Sun Mok: married
Sun Mok: do you want to take a look at my account?
Sun Mok: my id is mok####
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok...and you didn't by chance sell a previous residence in 2011, did you?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I do not need to review you file...
Sun Mok: what do you mean by sell a previouse redidence?
Sun Mok: I used to live apartment and bought house at hune ####
Sun Mok: june ####
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok, so you didn't own your old house,.
Sun Mok: correct
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: and Im assuming you don't collect social security income or child support.
Sun Mok: no
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok...this seems pretty basic that you should qualify...
Sun Mok: i think the TT has bug in the program
Sun Mok: maybe not?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: yeah...wow...my only expectation here is the following..
07_A. Blitz, CPA: On the form calculating the credit, it may be annualliazing your income - and therefore calculating over 82k.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: But that doesnt make any sense...and the error states because you did not live in the state for 6 months...
Sun Mok: so what should we do now?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: im assuming you haven't purchased your return yet, correct?
Sun Mok: purchase my returned? what do you mean?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: have you paid for the turbotax software?
Sun Mok: no not yet.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok...if you were to purchase the return, we could see how the forms are calculating.
Sun Mok: I could've been file last night and thank God that i am waiting one more day to file
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Its my best guess that your income is being annualized therefore going over the 82k household income mark.
Sun Mok: What is annualized? my income is not over 82K
07_A. Blitz, CPA: without being able to view the forms...there is not much else, I can do...to me it sounds liek you completed the form appropriatly.
Sun Mok: does TT has any tech support team for checking software error / code?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: in understand, but based on the fact that you earned 60K during the year and only lived in MI for 6 months - they annualize the 60k as if you lived in MI the entire year...IE. your 60k of income would be 120 of income in MI.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Its an insane calculation if you ask me ...
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I will bring this issue to my managers attention.
Sun Mok: can you do it now? i can wait but i can't postpone the filing anymore
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I apologize, my manager is out for the day...but I will let her know about the issue ASAP.
Sun Mok: i should not only me, i believe there are many others may already filed without knowing this issue.
Sun Mok: and How i can trust TT calculate my tax correctly?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I agree...I am currently reviewing the TurboTax live community to determine if others are having this issue...and the response above is the issue that other people are coming up with as the reason for the disallowance of the credit.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: TurboTax guarentees its calculations.
The agent is sending you to [...]
Sun Mok: then how they are going to guarantee the issue that i brought up?
Sun Mok: is it considered to be correct calculation?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I am sorry that I can not assist you any further.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Without seeing the calculation on the form. I cant explain anything furth.
Sun Mok: so what do you want me to do ? do you want to to file as is so that you can take a look at?
Sun Mok: do you want me to file as is so that you can take a look at?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: you could either pay for the return and we can review the return...or you can go forward and file without the credit.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: As a note...not that this would make any difference...but the credit is very small.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I want to lastly confirm that you are not a student, correct?
Sun Mok: no credit is not small.
Sun Mok: the current return vs with credit was around $###
Sun Mok: seven hundred and forty dollar.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: that seems reallllllllly high!!!!
Sun Mok: i am not a student
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok, thanks
Sun Mok: thanks for understanding.
Sun Mok: I need to post this to Amazon and Youtube to share
Sun Mok: I hope this can make the fix work faster.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I will contact my manager ASAP.
Sun Mok: Thanks i will waiting.
Sun Mok: I will be out of country soon for business trip. I can't wait further.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Can I assist you with anything else?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: You can file from anywhere in the world via the online edition.
Sun Mok: Can you ask your manager call me by COB toda?
Sun Mok: today?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: As I mentioned she is out today.
Sun Mok: okay do you want me to give my cell number? Can i get an update call from your team?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: yes, give me your number so that I can contact you.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: in addition, I can contact you via email.
Sun Mok: ###-###-###0
Sun Mok: please do both. thank you.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: perfect! Thank you...and I apologize for the inconveniene.
Sun Mok: So what you said is there is zero possibility that i can get the update from your manager by today?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Correct.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Sun, I'm sorry I was unable to help you today. I hope the information I provided gets you closer to a solution. Although I couldn't resolve your issue, I'll send you an email within 24 hours so you can provide feedback on my service. Thanks for using TurboTax.
Sun Mok: Okay i really hope TT calculate the rest of items correctly. I really hope this is the only mis calculation that this program has.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I am sure you will be ok - as are the millions of other taxpayers.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: who use TT.
Sun Mok: as i mentioned, i will share this conversation to internet forum, Amazon and Youtube so people can faily judge your vs competitors.
Everyone!  Don't you know that Intuit/TurboTax folks are LAUGHING their heads off at everyone here?  Especially all of us who say "We're no longer going to buy TurboTax!"
The attitude Intuit has shown over the years (I've stopped buying Quicken since 99 and Quickbooks since 2000) is this:  "We're BIG.  We don't care if we lose a few customers and belly-achers.  Remember, we're BIG!  Why we will NOT even notice if a few hundred or thousands stop buying ANY Intuit products.  All these are INSIGNIFICANT!  We have many loyal customers, and they keep coming back year after year for every upgrade we can roll out.  In fact, the more we get rid of these C-dilla  complainers, the better!  Don't these people know that we're BIG?  B-I-G  big!  We OWN the personal finance and tax filing business.  Who are these stupid people going to go to?  TaxCut? Hah!  TaxAct? Hah!  Small-time operators they all are!  We are Intuit!  Even the US government and IRS kowtow to us.  Have we mentioned that we're also BIG?  We just could not care any less.  If you want to be a Intuit product user, then YOU HAVE TO DO WHAT WE WANT!  Say what?  Well, you go somewhere else, see if we care!  Hey, we're BIG, we don't care.  What is one customer to us... it means we don't have to bother with you that's what!"
Yes, Intuit is really big.  The ONLY way to catch their attention is to shut the revenue stream big time.  But folks, I doubt our numbers will be large enough to even cause a change that will be considered above "noise".  I expect the TurboTax filers are in the millions (there's the website TurboTax filers too), so even if there are 100 thousands of us, it really would not mean much.
What?  Do you think anyone reads the email feedback you've sent to them?  Have you lost your mind?  All they do is Select-All, followed by Delete.  Why do they do this? Because it does NOT make them any money.  It is a way to cover their bases and make customers believe that Intuit is listening.
Anyone with ideas please step up and give us a truly EFFECTIVE way of catching Intuit's attention! The customer support needs to improve
Everyone!  Don't you know that Intuit/TurboTax folks are LAUGHING their heads off at everyone here?  Especially all of us who say "We're no longer going to buy TurboTax!"
The attitude Intuit has shown over the years (I've stopped buying Quicken since 99 and Quickbooks since 2000) is this:  "We're BIG.  We don't care if we lose a few customers and belly-achers.  Remember, we're BIG!  Why we will NOT even notice if a few hundred or thousands stop buying ANY Intuit products.  All these are INSIGNIFICANT!  We have many loyal customers, and they keep coming back year after year for every upgrade we can roll out.  In fact, the more we get rid of these C-dilla  complainers, the better!  Don't these people know that we're BIG?  B-I-G  big!  We OWN the personal finance and tax filing business.  Who are these stupid people going to go to?  TaxCut? Hah!  TaxAct? Hah!  Small-time operators they all are!  We are Intuit!  Even the US government and IRS kowtow to us.  Have we mentioned that we're also BIG?  We just could not care any less.  If you want to be a Intuit product user, then YOU HAVE TO DO WHAT WE WANT!  Say what?  Well, you go somewhere else, see if we care!  Hey, we're BIG, we don't care.  What is one customer to us... it means we don't have to bother with you that's what!"
Yes, Intuit is really big.  The ONLY way to catch their attention is to shut the revenue stream big time.  But folks, I doubt our numbers will be large enough to even cause a change that will be considered above "noise".  I expect the TurboTax filers are in the millions (there's the website TurboTax filers too), so even if there are 100 thousands of us, it really would not mean much.
What?  Do you think anyone reads the email feedback you've sent to them?  Have you lost your mind?  All they do is Select-All, followed by Delete.  Why do they do this? Because it does NOT make them any money.  It is a way to cover their bases and make customers believe that Intuit is listening.
Anyone with ideas please step up and give us a truly EFFECTIVE way of catching Intuit's attention!
Software works OK but is way overpriced for what it is, and we get tapped for this "tax" every year with no special break given to those who bought it the year before.  Hey Inutit, how about throwing your loyal regular customers a bone?  Hey IRS, why isn't this software free?

When will the US wake up and give us what other 1st world countries have: a tax system that doesn't require complex, expensive software every year?  (And no, I'm not talking about a Libertarian / Republican Richie Rich flat tax - a country's tax system should be able to make some allowances regarding who should pay what given various circumstances.)  Look, when I make a mistake on my return the IRS tells me about it (and they are always right), which means they've already done my taxes - so why am I doing them again?  The IRS should send me a postcard or setup a web page where I can just check a box if I agree with their numbers.  If this Intuit software were any good it would do just that, go get my already completed return from the IRS and let me look at it and OK it.  The IRS and Intuit are probably in bed together anyway, so why can't they at least make that happen?  Tax time is just another huge and pointless time waster, like every time I have to deal with our broken healthcare / health insurance industry, hours and hours of my precious time on the phone down the drain, almost always over something they don't need me to get involved with in order to resolve in the first place.  But our time doesn't seem to matter.  What's the deal with wasting an entire country's time with what amounts to redundant effort?  Anyone figure out the GDP impact of that?

If software is pretty much required due to our arcane tax system (and it is) then why isn't this software free?  As a typical middleman leech in the US (phone company, cable company, ISP, health insurance company, credit card company, etc.), Intuit is making gobs of $ by inserting themselves in all this nonsense and holding us hostage.  Each year the software gets a little weirder and harder to use.  Not sure where all of this is going but I absolutely loathe where it is now.
Just wanted to let Intuit know they've lost yet another longtime user.  Looks like HR Block is going to have a GREAT year!  Gotta love when greed gets packaged as "improvement".  Hey Intuit... you better hire more csr's because you're going to have a whole lot of dissatisfied customers this year!

edit - I've noticed a Intuit VP trying to defend their changes on Amazon, stating it was so necessary and better for everyone and not at all motivated by greed.  Say what you like but public perception is everything, you should know that.  If you are going to remove features that have been there all along, you should change the name of the product.  By keeping it "Deluxe" you are misrepresenting it.  Say McDonalds decides to change how they make a Big Mac and make it with only one patty, but then offers an Ultra Big Mac (for twice as much money) with two patties.  Do you think people are going to think that the Big Mac has changed?  Of course not, they will assume the Ultra has 3 patties or something.
Whether it was intentional or not, you made a huge mistake by continuing to use the same name of Deluxe and I would advise you stop with your nonsense justifications and explanations and admit you screwed up.
I am a long time user and advocate of QuickBooks. I bought Quicken because of that experience. I am an Sr IT Architect with a Masters Degree in Computer Science and I have been a computer programmer for more than 15 years. I state my credentials to let anyone reading my review know that I am not some novice that can't turn on his own computer.

There is not an ounce of intuitiveness to this software. Entering data in one place does not make it show up in another. Setting up online banking is like pulling teeth and it still does not work consistently. The customer service is an offshore call center whose employees barely know the application let alone are able to understand your question well enough to provide a modicum of assistance.

I have never felt compelled to write a software review before, but this is just plain aweful. As a developer, I would be ashamed if I put out software that was so useless. I would give this less than one star if that was an option.
I've used TurboTax and other Intuit products like Quicken since the mid-90s. Never, ever again. Thanks to the many comments here warning me against it, I stopped what would have been an auto-purchase of TT and went with H&R Block instead.

Now, here's the thing: I've known for a long time that Intuit is a crappy company, with horrible customer service; it's also (with TT) a major lobbyist against free, simple, no-headaches tax filing for most US consumers, just because their bottom line is more important than, oh, I don't know, doing the right thing and treating people right. But their software did the job better than others', so I bought, guiltily. Until now.

Anyway, I've been waiting and hoping to jump ship for a long time. You finally gave me absolutely no reason to stay, TT. Thanks! (And I really mean that.)

Update:

Just did my taxes with H&R Block. Oh, how could I not know?? I've been singing TT's praises for years, but H&R Block puts it to shame. Incredibly detailed explanations for everything (TT used to make the effort, but got very, very lazy) and yeah, the interface isn't as "pretty" with HR ... but who cares? You can tell the developers put their effort into functionality, not window dressing and bright colors. That's an impressive *benefit*, not a drawback. Lesson: Never get attached to a "brand." If it lets quality slip, a competitor will pick up the slack, and it deserves your business, not the slacker.
I have never seen so many incompetent people in the customer service department. I first started using Quickbooks online. let me tell you, customer service and even the managers don't have any clue what's going on. I wanted to import my payroll info from Intuit Payroll to Quickbook online ( same company ) and they were telling me that this is not possible. I found a way to do it myself to do so. It was actually quiet simple but the fact that the manager in customer service didn't know that is ridiculous.

Since they were so terrible, i decided to swith to the desktop version. even with that, i had issues with customer service.
for example, this new 2016 version comes with a free one year subscription of quickbook online. I thought I can use that offer and give quickbook online another shot, I have been talking to their customer service for hours and they have absolutely no clue about the promotion.

I can't believe these guys are still in business. the only reason they are in business is because it's difficult to switch to another product. literally bunch of clowns in the customer service.
It is unconscionable that taxpayers should be ripped off by having to buy software to do their taxes. And lest you say we are not forced to buy tax software then think again. No one can even figure out how to file anymore. The tax code is so complex it would take fifty lawyers working for you and even they would get your return wrong. I am sick of corporations controlling the market and having a virtual monopoly on an entire industry. The government should give every citizen free software and put all of these evil tax software companies out of business. But in this era of corrupt corporations stealing at will from hard working Americans I see nothing changing.

The end of the ultra corrupt and evil Bush Regime is a step in the right direction. Bush sold every American out to corrupt corporations and he even started a war based entirely on lies just so he could reward republican companies with multi-billion dollar contracts in Iraq. Face it, our soldiers are only in Iraq to serve as a low-paid mercenary force to protect the financial interests of corrupt corporations. The leaders of soulless, evil companies like Halliburton are living in million dollar mansions paid for with the blood of our soldiers.

I am all for capitalism, but it has to be responsible and accountable. And any industry that forms a monopoly, as the tax software criminals have, are abusing gouging the American people. Let's stop companies from raping the American consumer now!
I've been working software for years in my profession and OMGosh, I started reading these reviews and COMPLETELY AGREE that we are the beta testers!!!  I mean not even in the DoD do we do that to our customers (and heck, they don't pay!!), so WHY are we having to deal with these issues??!!

I purchased this about a month ago but only yesterday installed it. That stupid issue about pasting about sent me thru the roof but the fix online thanks to other users was most helpful (don't know if it will stop working yet because I only fixed it this morning).

I thought that Search function was sweet (don't recall if it was in my previous Home and Business version), but don't try using it because Quicken CRASHES EVERY TIME and you start all over again.

In less than 24 hours, Quicken programmers are just ticking me off. I understand bugs that could not be foreseen, but dang it, do your homework--do your job--TEST the software BEFORE you have people PAY for it. Your paying customers SHOULD NOT BE your beta testers. If you want your customers to be your beta testers, you should at least provide the software for free to those testers since we're effectively working for Intuit at that time.  Perhaps that might be your best course of action and I saw several other programmer types on these reviews that would be happy to do it (I think!).

I absolutely HATE the MANDATORY updating that others apparently also hate. People should upgrade because they WANT to not because y'all arbitrarily cut off our ability to download our transactions. If there are security reasons, then that's what you should tell your customers and perhaps even caveat that at the time of purchase.

Well, as I said, only two days and two days of frustration. I have not yet had an opportunity to really explore it and I've never really been disappointed with Quicken--but actually PROMOTE it to others to use because it's so awesome.  My son just asked me how long I've been using it and I realize almost as long or longer than he's been alive (he's 29!).

And to the gal that's monitoring these reviews as your full-time job, be sure to share the issues as well as trying to make it sound like we don't know what we're talking about.

Again, still a loyal user and a fan, but considering this is the FIRST time I upgraded VOLUNTARILY (without being forced to do so), that just bites that y'all would have put out such a "buggy" program.  Someone said how quickly the versions were coming out...well, I just checked, apparently we're up to Release R 1 (23.1.1.17) - so is that even more than 23 when you start putting numbers after the R?  Just wondering...

I will post an update as time goes on...I don't mind slamming but also give KUDOs where deserved...

Topic 1: support 0.04303 problem 0.02247 help 0.01895 hours 0.01521 tried 0.01429 phone 0.01079 got 0.01065 error 0.01053 trying 0.01002 number 0.0099
 How Many: 26822
Customer chat support needs huge improvement. Spent 3.5 hours on the phone this morning trying to get the iPhone App to properly update with the desktop version. By the time I disconnected from the chat, the desktop version was not updating property either! My request to have a phone call  meant I'd have to wait three days. When I requested a supervisor, there wasn't one available. I was finally offered a phone call later the same day, but after terminating the chat, I got an email that the chat was discontinued and if I wanted a phone call, I'd have to reply to the email to schedule a time. The chat session was 3.5 hours of my life I will never get back.
09:32:31 AM] Jonabelle: We really do apologize for the inconvenience that this has brought you.
[09:32:53 AM] Jonabelle: Expect the call within 3:00 - 3:15 PM, okay?
[09:33:20 AM] Alisa Landman: this is ridiculous, since at least 8AM. It is Now, 11:33 [CST].
[09:33:38 AM] Jonabelle: We really do apologize for the inconvenience, Alisa.
[09:34:03 AM] Alisa Landman: this is a colossal waste of my time
[09:34:46 AM] Jonabelle: We really do apologize, Alisa. We are trying to fix your issues but f=don't worry, I will raise this issue to our higher department, Alisa.
[09:34:53 AM] Jonabelle: Is there any way I can be of further assistance today, Alisa?
[09:35:48 AM] 'Alisa Landman' disconnected ('Concluded by End-user').

Hello Alisa,

We were unable to complete our chat sessions and Im not sure if you still require assistance. If youd like us to call you back, please reply to this email and tell us your phone number and preferred day and time to contact you. Please include your time zone.

We are currently available for callbacks 7 days a week. Please provide 36-48 hours notice for your preferred time so we can ensure we are available to contact you.
If you prefer to contact us via chat again, please visit https://quicken.custhelp.com/app/contact/plvl1 to start a new chat session. When chatting with the next agent, please refer to 150314-000202 so they can review the steps weve already taken.

Regards,
Quicken Customer Care
used turbotax for several years. was happy with it.

this year had a problem.

tried to contact support via chat.
took 30 minutes before my turn. ok; things can take some tme.
one hour later i was still online chatting with some moron who asked me again and again what my issue was and how could they help me.
unbelieveable.
eventually they said they could not help me.
i asked if they would open it as a defect. they said they would and that i would be contacted within 2 days - that sounded good.  but, i was never contacted.

so, a week later i went to the live call.
waited 37 minutes before i got a person on a live call. i thought this would be great - it wasn't.
the person on the call was simply instant messaging some 'expert' somewhere - perhaps that expert was the first moron i was working with a week before...who knows.
guess what; an hour later i was still on the phone with this second moron who asked me again and again what the issue was and how to spell my name.  unbelieveable. also heard about how tired she was and how her feet hurt.  oh man....
eventually the person said they would issue a refund of my money and i would get an email within 24 hours stating that - that sounded good.  but, i never received that email.
and no, my issue was not resolved.

if you have a simple return, and are lucky enough to not have a problem with the product, then it is good.
on the other hand, if you have a problem with their product, good luck with that!

i still can't believe it......
I upgraded from 2012 to 2014.  In the process of trying to add the Dillards and Bananna credit card accounts, I received an error and the program instructed me to try again later.  I waited a day, tried again, and received the same error.  My first attempt to reach support was on 11/4 and I gave up after being on hold for over 30 minutes.  On 11/5, an agent answered after 50 minutes.  He was rude, frequently spoke over me, and then requested log files but would not stay on the line and assist me in sending the log files.  I sent the log files.  No response on 11/5, so I sent another message asking for next steps.  No response on 11/6, so I called into support.  After 55 minutes on hold, a representative looked at my account and said more logs were needed.  She helped me send the appropriate files and told me that it would take a few days for them to review.  Today 11/12, I received a message stating that internet banking is down for scheduled maintenance and to try again later.  Scheduled maintenance for over a week?  I did try again--it's still not working.

I just received another response on 11/17 asking me to "refresh my accounts" and see if the problem is resolved.  I don't have a problem with refreshing--I can't add the accounts in the first place.  I sent more logs and today, 11/18, received the same e-mail escalation message I received on 11/7.  I must be caught in a loop.  EDIT: As of 12/2 I'm still sending logs and receiving messages to send more logs with no end in sight.

I'm ready to return the software.  How do I get a refund since nobody is willing to help me?  I've used Quicken for years--what happened to this once great program and company?  Why does the Intuit rep respond to everyone else's review except for mine?
I purchased & installed this version in early November, 2012. I have used Quicken Products for more then 20 years with no complaints....until now. In early December, 2012 I ran the 'R10' update. Since then I have not been able to connect to any of my banks, credit cards, etc to do the online update through Quicken (which I've also used for years). So I started trying to get help from Quicken Support. I called & they had no solution for me, so they 'Escalated' my case and had me upload my log files.

In a couple of days, I received a "Canned Response" email telling me to reset my bank passwords, inactivate & deactivate my Accounts in Quicken, add new accts, etc. NONE of these standard answers Work!! I had already tried them all numerous times during my phone conversation and once I Deactivated any account online, I was not able to reactivate it at all! So I called again, was put on hold for 25 minutes and then disconnected because their office had closed.

So I tried the online Chat. He tried to help, but nothing worked, so he had me submit my log files again and 'Escalated' my case, again. In a couple of days I received a "Canned Response" email again telling me to try all the things I had already tried if none of that worked, I should open a case and submit my log files! So far, I've also received 3 emails thanking me for contacting Quicken Customer Support and "hoping that they had resolved my problem satisfactorily". HA... I responded to each but no results.

I have several emails, 3 phone calls & 2 online Chats and have uploaded my log files 5 times, with no results, just get sent round & round in the same circle. Yesterday I sent another email responding to their most recent 'Canned Response' and lack of service and I insisted that I be given contact information for a Manager or Supervisor. Today, I received yet another email from Customer Service. This one said it was from "Ashish Canan", (who supposedly is a floor manager) saying he/she (?) had gone through the complete incident and Log files which I had uploaded. Ashish was able to see the error code CC 899, which was clearly the problem, in the log files. Then Ashish told me to "please follow the steps mentioned in the following link: blah, blah, blah" which was exactly what all the rest had told me to do....Obviously reading through my entire incident file helped them a lot!

Then Ashish followed up with this statement, almost as an after-thought: "I also wish to inform you that CC-899 is an known issue and our team is working on the issue. If the issue is not resolved by following the steps then please signup for the notification. When the issue will be resolved then you will get the notification from us."

DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME & MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT! I would have given it Negative Stars if possible!
IT IS A POOR EXCUSE OF BETA SOFTWARE TO SAY THE LEAST.... and Yes...It worked great for the first month, before showing it's True colors.
I have been using Quicken for over twenty years and this will be my last.  I had Quicken Deluxe 2013 and I forgot my data file password.  I downloaded  the QuickenPasswordReset.exe program and uploaded my files to quicken and the next screen told me to answer the security question about one of my accounts, problem was there were no accounts listed.  Tried it two more times just in case there was an upload error with the same results.  Called Quicken Help and was told that my Quicken 2013 free service help was no longer free.  I could either pay for help or buy Quicken 2014, I choose the latter.  I was told that if I did this the QuickenPasswordReset.exe program would work.  WRONG, it got to the same place as before and failed.  I called the phone number on the box and worked my way through the phone tree only to be given another number to call.  I called the second number, worked my way through the phone tree only to be told that the only help available was now online.  That is where the real frustration set in, no matter how Westernized the names I was obviously dealing with an Indian help site.  If the question asked did not appear in their plasticized work books their response was  "I see."  If you asked them a question that they could not answer there was a very long wait time and then they would ask you again what was the last question that you had just asked them or they would ask if they had solved your problem.  When pressed they would say it " is beyond my scope" and "escalate" the question to another level.  I managed to "escalate" three levels in about two hours the first day and gave up in frustration.  The next day was no better, I would paste the case # into the request and they would come back and ask me what problem I was having with Quicken even after they said that they needed time to review my record.  I was always told if someone does not understand you rephrase the question, that did not help either. After another two hours I was told that an e-mail would arrive and to follow the instructions.  Okay, it arrived and I followed the instructions, I choose to have Intuit remove the password as their program had not worked in the past and I did not want to try for a seventh time.  I had tried three additional times after buying Quicken Deluxe 2014.  I once again uploaded the data file and answered their e-mail with security answers, but received their e-mail back as undeliverable.  Was told the next day when it was escalated twice that it would take 24-48 hours for them to remove the password, figured they would look at the file and then ask me specific questions about the file before they would release it back to me.  I contacted them after 50 hours and after asking for a supervisor was given a phone call from India.  The supervisor now told me that it could take up to seven business days to remove the password.  I asked him about the security questions and told him that I received the e-mail back as undeliverable.  He told me to try it one more time and use the second e-mail that I received.  Now there were many disclaimers in these e-mails so the last thing I wanted to do was start all over, so once again I replied to the original e-mail.  About an hour later I received another e-mail telling me that my data file was available.  BUT THIS IS THE IMPORTANT PART- I SENT THEM A FILE WITH 42 MB AND RECEIVED ON BACK WITH 55 MB.  IF ALL THEY HAD DONE IS REMOVE A PASSWORD WHY WAS MY FILE SO MUCH LARGER?  India ranks right up there with China, Russia, and Nigeria as far as internet scams.  What else did they put on my data file?  Caveat emptor -Let the Buyer Beware
Third night in a row calling Customer Service. First night I spoke with a woman (didn't record her name) who knew less about the program than I did. I was on the phone with her for approximately an hour and finally had to leave my house to go pick up a family member. She gave me a case number which she assured me I could use later to get a quick response. Second night I spoke with a man who said he would immediately transfer me to a Tier 2 specialist, but in fact, hung up on me. I called back and had the pleasure of speaking with Bobby, who, despite my requesting at least four times to be transferred, insisted I wait just a few more minutes for him to look here or there for a solution to my issue. By the time he agreed to transfer me (74 minutes into the call), lo and behold their Tax Advisor Department had been closed for 15 minutes. Tonight I have spoken to Chris and to Priscilla, both of whom agreed to transfer me to the Tax Advisor Department. I waited for about 20 minutes after Chris transferred me - I'm still on hold after Priscilla transferred me. Who'll take a bet that no one in that department picks up the phone tonight?
My customer service experience with Intuit for Quickbooks has been horrendous. For one question I had, I spent over 10 min. on hold. The person I spoke to did not speak understandable English and disconnected with me before I even had a chance to ask my question. I called back spent another 3 min. on hold and the person who I spoke was rude before transferring me. I spent well over 30 min. on hold during the last call with a VERY nice rep who put me on hold multiple times. All this effort and she was not able to resolve t. The company sent me 2 emails asking me to review their customer service and issue resolution. I outlined my issue BOTH times and requested that I be contacted. I was never contacted and the issue was not resolved.

BTW...the purchase process was so EASY. I had no issues getting my product and they VERY happily took my money.

Overall, a very disheartening experience.
After spending four hours on the phone with customer support, they still weren't able to get the software to work properly.  The first three times that I called customer support, it took about five minutes each time simply to get through all of the prompts to the right department.  Then, the system produced a busy signal and hung up on me.  Only after I selected a different department was I able to find someone who directed the call to someone who was supposed to fix the problem.  After four hours with two different people using "Log Me In", nobody was able to get the problem fixed.  The last person told me that she needed to refer my call to another department, but that other department wouldn't accept her call!  I finally left my phone on hold while that person kept working on the problem, only to come back an hour later to find that she hung up on her end without getting it to work.  If you count that hour when I wasn't sitting on the phone, that was five hours of unsuccessful troubleshooting by Intuit.  There must be better business software packages out there.  Who can afford to waste that much time on this sort of thing?
wow - I went on line to speak to a rep (marnie) after 2 hours she said she could not help. Try calling the phone. I first talked to "Rachel" and to told her that Marnie to me to ask for supervisor immediately when I get throught. I waited 40 minutes to talk to Rachel who transferred me to Peter (another 33 minutes). Unfortunately Peter was in billing. Peter sent me with priority to the call center. After 41 minutes Janeish listened and said I will transfer you to a supervisor. The line went busy and disconnected. I am on hold right now for approx. 32 minutes.
As other people have stated, my problem is not with the software directly but the customer service. My software was duplicating entries from my bank. I spent hours on the phone trying to get my issue resolved but, after 30 days of calling & speaking with countless reps my issue remained. First, I was told that someone in tech would be getting back to me about my issue in three days. I finally called back on the fifth day, yet no one seemed to know what I was talking about! Then, I started a new inquiry about my issue and was told that someone from tech would get back to me in three days. Quess what? Nothing! After that, I called back about a week later and was told that they were still working on the issue. I waited long enough. I finally called and got the return info for the software before my refund deadline ran out. I would love to state that they tried their best but, they did not. Most people I talked to did not speak fluent english and had no idea what I was talking about. They kept rehearsing what their manuel said word for word about tech issues. They would go through the whole thing and finally announce to me that a tech service person would get back to me.  I would love to rate this 5 stars but, until they hire more knowledgable staff, I cannot. I can't tell you how frustrating this has been as a new business owner.
By the way: Quickbooks need not reply that they are sorry I had this issue and they would be happy to resolve my issue if I would contact customer support!

Topic 2: product 0.12558 money 0.06423 don 0.04029 work 0.02359 doesn 0.02163 waste 0.01357 microsoft 0.01193 better 0.01133 wish 0.0103 just 0.00961
 How Many: 26822
I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. during that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just a huge increase in software bugs.

Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. during that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just a huge increase in software bugs.

Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. during that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just a huge increase in software bugs.

Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. during that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just a huge increase in software bugs.

Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

Here's a permalink to just one of my earlier, quite detailed Amazon reviews of the Quicken product: tinyurl.com/AmazonQuickenReview

I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. During that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just the aforementioned continual increase in software bugs, eternal peddling of affiliated products, etc.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams ... ... Quicken Loans, Quicken Credit Cards, etc.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

Here's a permalink to just one of my earlier, quite detailed Amazon reviews of the Quicken product: tinyurl.com/AmazonQuickenReview

I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. During that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just the aforementioned continual increase in software bugs, eternal peddling of affiliated products, etc.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams ... ... Quicken Loans, Quicken Credit Cards, etc.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

Here's a permalink to just one of my earlier, quite detailed Amazon reviews of the Quicken product: tinyurl.com/AmazonQuickenReview

I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. During that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just the aforementioned continual increase in software bugs, eternal peddling of affiliated products, etc.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams ... ... Quicken Loans, Quicken Credit Cards, etc.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

Here's a permalink to just one of my earlier, quite detailed Amazon reviews of the Quicken product: tinyurl.com/AmazonQuickenReview

I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. During that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just the aforementioned continual increase in software bugs, eternal peddling of affiliated products, etc.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams ... ... Quicken Loans, Quicken Credit Cards, etc.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

Here's a permalink to just one of my earlier, quite detailed Amazon reviews of the Quicken product: tinyurl.com/AmazonQuickenReview

I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. During that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just the aforementioned continual increase in software bugs, eternal peddling of affiliated products, etc.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams ... ... Quicken Loans, Quicken Credit Cards, etc.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

Here's a permalink to just one of my earlier, quite detailed Amazon reviews of the Quicken product: tinyurl.com/AmazonQuickenReview

I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. During that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just the aforementioned continual increase in software bugs, eternal peddling of affiliated products, etc.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams ... ... Quicken Loans, Quicken Credit Cards, etc.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.

Topic 3: mac 0.05417 version 0.04695 quicken 0.0433 windows 0.03976 pc 0.01707 2015 0.01539 2007 0.01401 old 0.00892 data 0.00839 using 0.00816
 How Many: 26822
"Quicken Essentials For Mac" is a toy plastic knife for the tasks of skinning the personal finance grizzly bear. Its lack of essential features is a longstanding, running joke in the Mac personal finance user community. Intuit's epic failure to update Quicken for Mac -- now extending over more than seven years since release of Quicken for Mac 2007 in August 2006 -- the subsequent release of "Quicken Essentials", which actually was a downgrade, and Intuit's general neglect of the Mac OS, amount to the worst betrayal of customer loyalty and dashed customer hopes in the entire history of Mac software.

If you are looking for personal finance software for Mac, Intuit is the wrong place to look. Intuit has not updated Quicken for Mac since release of the 2007 version in August 2006. Quicken for Mac 2007 was just patched two or three times when its bugs and incompatibilities stopped it working in updates of Mac OS X. This "Quicken Essentials For Mac", although a later product than Quicken for Mac, has not been updated since 2010. It is a downgrade, and a contradiction in terms, because it has even fewer essential features than its out-of-date predecessor. It has no counterpart in the far more capable Quicken For Windows range.

The most capable and best-supported personal finance software for Mac, by far, is&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iBank-5-Download/dp/B00GUXLRCQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iBank 5 [Download</a>]. It has a different interface and works differently to Quicken, but has many similar capabilities, such as multiple currencies, that Intuit provides in its Quicken Windows products, yet inexcusably has failed to provide for the Mac OS. After accumulating 14 years of detailed financial data in Quicken for Mac, futilely waiting for a QFM upgrade that never came, and observing the release of this QEFM downgrade with despair and disgust, I switched to iBank at its version 4. Now I have almost 16 years of data in iBank 5 -- more detailed, reliable and useful than any data I previously kept in Quicken. My only regret has been that I did not switch sooner. My review titled 'The best and most full-featured personal finance software for Mac OS just got better', explaining in detail my experience of iBank 5, is at http://www.amazon.com/review/RUKMMLY61JDC6/

Ignore the silly, misinformed, unsubstantiated and fake reviews attacking iBank: iBank 5 is really a 4 to 5-star application. On the face of it, on average, Amazon customer reviewers rank both iBank and QEFM as two-star products. This appearance of equivalence is misleading: it suggests that these two products, iBank and Quicken Essentials For Mac, are equivalent, and that all "customer reviews" are equal -- or genuine -- when it is self-evident, on close examination, that none of this appearance of equivalence is True. The best substantiated, most factual reviews of Quicken Essentials For Mac prove that it is a deficient and inferior product with relatively few capabilities; while the best substantiated and most factual reviews of iBank prove that it is a capable, reliable and superior product, with many more capabilities and features for personal finance than QEFM.

For a far more accurate picture of what customers really think about these products than can be obtained from the raw numbers of positive or negative reviews in Amazon, it is necessary to consider the much higher proportion of helpful votes on substantiated positive reviews of iBank, compared to the highest proportion of helpful votes on substantiated *negative* reviews of QEFM.

So, how bad is "Quicken Essentials For Mac", really? The worst of all personal finance software for all operating systems, according to Amazon customer votes. QEFM is so bad that Intuit itself recommends Mac users seeking more and better features use, instead of QEFM,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Personal-Finances-2007-for-Mac-OLD-VERSION/dp/B000GI0HR2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Personal Finances 2007 for Mac [OLD VERSION</a>]. QEFM is so bad that Intuit admits its inferiority to an obsolete and deficient product which it has not updated for *more than seven years*.

Here are some revealing, mind-boggling actual statements copied and pasted from Intuit's own blurb for "Quicken Essentials":
"Quicken Mac 2007 and earlier users should note that this is a brand new product, so some of the features you've grown used to may not be included." (Double take. Read again. Yes, the maker explicitly admits that its "brand new product" -- which itself has not been updated for about four years -- lacks features of a slew of much older outdated products it supposedly replaces.)
"If you need more more advanced investment features, try Quicken Mac 2007."
"Can I export my data to TurboTax? Quicken Essentials for Mac does not support that capability. If you'd like that functionality, we recommend trying Quicken Mac 2007."

"Quicken Essentials For Mac" is so bad that Amazon customers have given more helpful votes, by multiples, to negative one-star reviews of it than to any positive or negative review of all personal finance software -- including all Quicken Windows products. This is an accurate reflection of the global Mac personal finance user community assessment of this backward product, and our frustration with Intuit.

Why Intuit has not drawn the right conclusions from Mac user feedback on product development, and has not taken the obvious and necessary course of cross-platforming the many good features it has rolled out in Quicken for Windows, is one of the great mysteries of the personal computer age.

At this date, the review with the most helpful votes (1,567 of 1,608) of *all personal finance software* in Amazon.com is Brent Stanley's one-star negative review of "Quicken Essentials For Mac", titled 'Don't even waste your time', at http://www.amazon.com/review/R3CHAGVHW73QDO/ . My personal favorite QEFM review is the third top-rated (294 helpful votes of 300), by George Beahm, titled 'In the words of Intuit's CEO Aaron Patzer: "Holy crap!" ', at http://www.amazon.com/review/R2KNUPS0QOPJER/ .

My review of the tragedy and stagnation of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Personal-Finances-2007-for-Mac-OLD-VERSION/dp/B000GI0HR2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Personal Finances 2007 for Mac [OLD VERSION</a>] can be read at http://www.amazon.com/review/R18R6HHP6PYNQ/

Some reviews and comments here in Amazon misguidedly advocate an extraordinarily risky, expensive and distasteful alternative to the obsolete Quicken Mac products: emulating, on a Mac, the Windows operating system that most Mac users never want to touch, for the sole purpose of running a Windows version of Quicken. No-one has better refuted this proposition, exposing its flaws and risks in detail, than Bernard A. Torbik in his one-star negative review of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Deluxe-2014-Download/dp/B00E7X9RUK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Deluxe 2014 [Download</a>], 'Save your money' at http://www.amazon.com/review/RHP4GOMV9CLL5/ . With 842 helpful votes of 884 total at 6 June 2014, IT professional Mr Torbik's one-star negative review is the top-rated of *all* 3,132 customer reviews of Quicken Deluxe 2014 by a factor of more than two to one. That's right: Quicken's most popular and best-supported personal finance product *for Windows* cannot attract even half the number of helpful votes to its top-rated positive customer review as has been received by its top-rated negative customer review. What does Mr Torbik now use and recommend in his top-rated review of Quicken Deluxe 2014 as the best personal finance solution for Mac? --&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iBank-5-Download/dp/B00GUXLRCQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iBank 5 [Download</a>]. He is a wise man.
Even before&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Personal-Finances-2007-for-Mac/dp/B000GI0HR2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Personal Finances 2007 for Mac</a>&nbsp;("Quicken 2007"), Intuit was milking the Mac cow for profits with virtually no upgrade in features over the previous several versions. It was powerful and handy -- a 5-star product but for its stability and obsolesence issues.

Quicken 2007: the last full-featured version of Quicken for the Mac. It had most of the features of the Windows version. Call it Quicken "classic". It was written for Motorola PowerPC microprocessors; Apple had already switched to Intel x86 processors in 2006 and its OS had been Intel-compatible since 2004. Soon to be incompatible, it relies on very old PowerPC code. It's had to run in "Rosetta" emulation in the latest versions of the Mac OS.  Apple's next OS,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mac-OS-10-7-Lion/dp/B003XKXN58/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mac OS 10.7 ("Lion")</a>&nbsp;will not support Rosetta when released in mid-2011. Rosetta still runs under OS 10.6 but is not bundled with the OS; can be downloaded for free from Apple.

Quicken Essentials for Mac was first released in 2010. All new code, slowly built from the ground up for Intel Macs. Limited feature set so far. Promising if you wait 1 to 3 more years; Intuit is very slowly releasing expanded versions (as free upgrades). As of late 2010, totally inadequate for securities owners (example: doesn't track cost basis by lots).

Quicken 2007: in the meantime, Intuit continues to support Quicken 2007 and has not eliminated features like stock quotes that they normally eliminate after 2 years. Aware of Quicken Essentials' limitations, they continued to offer Quicken 2007 for users that needed more features. Quicken 2007 became dangerously unstable in my experience. I relied on successive versions of Quicken "classic" including this one from 1992 to 2011. In the last several years, it's crashed or hung, corrupting my data. I had to track securities cost data using old statements and spreadsheets.

I switched to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Moneydance/dp/B00005A9VI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Moneydance</a>&nbsp;last month. Stable and well-supported by its developers. Tracks securities just fine. Importing Quicken data works well and quickly (follow their simple instructions exactly). Some inter-account transfers needed correction afterwards; this was straightforward. My corrupted Quicken securities data was automagically healed after importing. The interface is a little different than Quicken Classic -- better in some ways, not as good in others.

As of late 2010, other Quicken competitors such as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iBank-4/dp/B003WT1KAK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iBank 4</a>&nbsp;just didn't match Moneydance.
After years of waiting for Intuit to issue a proper upgrade of Quicken for Mac 2007 with cross-platform compatibility to its Windows range, I gave up in late 2012. I migrated all my financial data to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iBank-4/dp/B003WT1KAK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iBank 4</a>, a far more full-featured and better-supported application. The tipping point was to be told in October 2012 by Intuit not only that there is still no full upgrade to Quicken for Mac 2007, but also that as I'm not a US resident Intuit would not even provide me with the Mac OS X 10.7 Lion-compatible version of Quicken for Mac 2007 from the PowerPC version (16.0.2.- R3) I had been using!

I was a long-term user of Quicken, with 14 years of financial data recorded in it from June 1998 to October 2012.  I had been using both Macs and PCs (Macs preferred) since 1984. I migrated my financial data to Quicken in 1998 from an earlier Mac personal accounting application called Dollars & $ense, from a company called Monogram which went out of business about the same time their product succumbed to the Y2K bug.

Intuit long has had a popular and evidently well-supported financial software range for Windows, but its product development and support for the Mac platform went into terminal decline after 2007. Its support and customer service for Mac users now have degraded to a point of non-existence or uselessness. What totally impenetrable thinking led Intuit to this incredible outcome?  The answer is a mystery. Would Microsoft throw away its market advantage by failing to maintain cross-platform compatibility between Mac and Windows versions of MS Office, or Adobe its cross-platform compatible market dominance in imagery and PDF processing? No way!

When the initially excellent Quicken for Mac 2007 started showing its age, Intuit engaged in some two years of beta-testing and consultation with the Mac-user community.  This was among the largest scale, most hyped beta-testing and consumer consultations ever for any Mac product. It turned out that the long promised, much hyped Quicken Mac upgrade was nothing but vaporware. The only result was a dumbed-down standalone product, so-called&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Essentials-for-Mac-Download/dp/B003PDMNCC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Essentials for Mac  [Download</a>], the exact opposite of everything that the Mac-user community told Intuit we need!  Is it any wonder that we Mac users feel that Intuit has treated us with contempt?

Intuit's failure to build on its market potential with Mac users is a tragedy and farce. I highly recommended Quicken for Mac 2007 in earlier times when it was justly the market leader. Now, sadly, I must strongly recommend that Mac users avoid the product and its makers.

More than seven years now have passed since this last release of Quicken for Mac, in August 2006. Intuit never updated this out-of-date product -- merely patched it two or three times when its bugs and incompatibilities stopped it working in new versions of Mac OS X. Since 2010 Intuit has not even updated its only other personal finance software for Mac, the absurdly named&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Essentials-for-Mac-Download/dp/B003PDMNCC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Essentials for Mac  [Download</a>], a downgrade of Quicken for Mac which has even fewer essential features than its obsolete predecessor.

What on earth has been going on at Intuit that it has abandoned Mac product development? My best guess is that some totally unrealistic and irrational feedback, typically from a small number of noisy Mac personal finance users, has convinced Intuit that we Mac users are just creative types and airheads with no grasp of the mathematical logic, rational thinking and work discipline required to use full-featured personal financial accounting.

The unreasonableness of some customer negative feedback on personal finance software would be enough to alienate the most helpful software developers. Typically, the noisiest unreasonableless ranges across complaints about non-core, third party functions like bank downloads; blaming software for user error, or the consequences of user failure to read user manuals or to follow simple universal accounting principles. Has this unreasonableness convinced not only Intuit, but also other personal finance software makers, that we Mac users are financial and computer illiterates not worth their time and trouble? Could the impossible-to-satisfy high maintenance demands of financially illiterate customers also explain why even Microsoft never released its former personal finance product, Microsoft Money, for Mac -- and discontinued it for Windows in 2009?

Since migrating from Quicken for Mac 2007 to iBank in 2012, I am now in my third year with iBank. I highly recommend the current version&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iBank-5-Download/dp/B00GUXLRCQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iBank 5 [Download</a>] to all Mac users who are unafraid of the tiny amount of work, rational thinking and user manual reading necessary for serious, accurate personal finance recordkeeping. iBank's makers, IGG Software (with whom I have no association, except as a satisfied paying customer) specialize only in personal finance software for the Mac OS and portable iOS devices, iPad, iPhone and iPod Touch.

I have almost 16 years of continuous, detailed, accurate data in iBank. This is the best move I ever made in personal finance recordkeeping -- but the most unrealistic, unreasonable and absurd remarks I ever have seen about personal finance software continue to flow in attacks on iBank. Among the most absurd claims is that either of the two outdated Quicken personal finance products is as good as, or better than, the state-of-the-art iBank software, which has had more feature-rich updates in the past year than both Quicken Mac products in their combined lifetimes. This is not a matter of opinion or taste: it is objective fact about all the long list of capabilities iBank has, which are lacked by the Quicken Mac deficient duo.

In these days of widespread fake review writing, star ratings averaged from total positive or negative reviews in Amazon are less trustworthy than ever for product evaluation. Unfortunately, there is no certain method for distinguishing a merely silly or misinformed review from a fake. Significantly, a much higher proportion of helpful customer votes (far more difficult to fake than reviews) appears in Amazon on substantiated, detailed and factual positive reviews of iBank than on negative reviews and comments. The distribution of helpful votes gives the most accurate picture of what the Amazon customer community really thinks about products. It is unsurprising to find, on this measure, that Amazon customers rate an Intuit product,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Essentials-for-Mac-Download/dp/B003PDMNCC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Essentials for Mac  [Download</a>], the worst of all personal finance software -- not only for the Mac OS, but for Windows, Unix and *all* operating systems.
Eight long years after its last real update of Quicken for Mac (version 2007 in August 2006), and some four years after release of its "Quicken Essentials for Mac" downgrade, Intuit finally released a "new" personal finance software product for Mac.

Is it, at last, the cross-platformed Quicken, compatible with *any* Quicken for Windows version, that Mac users have been telling Intuit we needed for 26 years, since the first "Quicken for Mac" in 1989? No.

Is there even a free download trial version of it, as there is with the far more capable, better supported, and cheaper full-featured personal finance software for Mac, iBank 5+, Moneydance and SEE Finance? No.

If you want to try Quicken for Mac 2015, you have to fork out up to $80-plus (more than competitors) to discover a software product that, just like "Quicken Essentials for Mac", yet again lacks many essential features even of obsolete Quicken for Mac 2007, let alone lacking full cross-platform compatibility in the Quicken range.

Intuit obstinately continues to deny its Mac customers the one Quicken for Mac which might be impressive: a Quicken for Mac with the same basic design and ALL features of the popular and successful Quicken for Windows, and capacity to read, write and work back and forth on native files between the two. I cannot identify any other high profile productivity software, with the same brand name in both Mac OS and Windows, which cannot read and write mutually compatible files without conversion. Intuit, with its mutually *incompatible* Quickens, stands out as a unique repeat offender in what is factually a gross form of deception. Many consumers evidently are misled to the reasonable, but False assumption current versions of Quicken are equal across platforms.

In fact, this product should not be called Quicken for Mac: there is not, and never has been, any such thing as a real Quicken For Mac. The so-called "Quicken For Mac" product line should be given a name that reflects its incompatible, standalone, feature-poor reality. Call it *anything* else but Quicken... "Lacking For Mac", "Quacken For Mac" or "Slacken For Mac" would be more appropriate product names.

Intuit's absurd, abominable, *abysmal* performance with Quicken for Mac has gone beyond a joke into the realm of insult to the Mac personal finance software customer community. Intuit again is vaguely promising to add missing features -- from a long list of missing features -- at some unspecified time in the future. Seem familiar to anyone? It's the post-Quicken for Mac 2007 vaporware song and dance routine all over again, re-enacted by the all-time star performer and unbeatable industry champion of Mac vaporware, Intuit Inc.

Many of even the most sympathetic and long-term devotees of Quicken for Mac now are puzzled and perplexed. This is amply summed up by the following two posts in the Intuit Quicken Community website on 22 August 2014. They appear under the exasperated original poster's heading, 'Why, after all this time, has Intuit produced a subpar version of Quicken for the Mac called Quicken 2015?'

"voxjleklrqtfkes
"Quicken 2015

"This product is an extension of Quicken Essentials. It remains far behind Quicken 2007 and its predecessors in its ability to select and report data. It has many arcane features such as the "pickers." These are useless for those of us with many categories. How does one readily select (report) all but one category ... there is no practical way, for example.

"The user interface, Yosemite-like it is, is a retrograde step compared even to Quicken Essentials. I find, on a 27" iMac, the register listing to be virtually unusable. The numbers and columns do not readily stand out, as with Quicken Essentials and Quicken 2007.

"That's a problem.

"Unfortunately, I will stick with Quicken Essentials until I can find a third-party alternative. Quicken was a great product when I started using it a decade or two ago. But it's been downhill since the mid-2000's -- why oh why?"

"jacobs
"SuperUser

"The answer to your question is a long and winding road of Intuit's on-and-off development of Mac software since shortly after Quicken 2007 came out 8 years ago. The Quicken 2007 software uses building blacks that Apple has stopped supporting in the modern Mac OS, and parts of the code are 20+ years old. They set out to build a new version, called Quicken Financial Life for Mac, which never came to market. Then they set out to build a new core of Quicken, which came to market in 2010 as Quicken Essentials. A full version of Quicken Deluxe was promised for the following year, but for reasons I've never read about, that effort was killed and the development team was disbanded. Then in 2012, they hired a new development team to build on the work that had been done for Essentials to create a full-fledged modern version of Quicken for Mac -- and this release of Quicken 2015 is the first step in a multi-step process.

"It represents a significant enhancement to Quicken Essentials, but it is missing many features users desire from Quicken 2007. In a departure for Intuit, the Mac development team has been allowed to pre-announce that there will be a series of free updates to Quicken 2015 as they continue programming to build out the features of the program. For the benefit of Essentials users who have not had updates, and Quicken for Windows users hanging onto old PCs or WinXP virtual machines, they decided it was better to complete, test, and release a version of Quicken 2015 that doesn't do everything today, and add to it over time -- rather than spending another year in the lab trying to develop a full-featured version that would satisfy everyone.

"The product manager has said publicly that this first release of Quicken 2015 won't meet everyone's needs, and they've been very upfront about the features not present in Quicken 2015. The hope is that development will continue at a good pace, and additional investment tools, better reports, and other features will follow in the months ahead. Quicken 2015 today doesn't meet all my needs, but I'm encouraged that it seems to be headed in the right direction. And most importantly, it represents a tangible re-commitment to having a robust Quicken for Mac from Intuit management."

My final comment: "jacobs, Superuser" 's assessment that Quicken for Mac 2015 "represents a tangible re-commitment to having a robust Quicken for Mac from Intuit management" is consistent with the hopeful expressions which have greeted this product from the eternal optimists of Quicken's shrunken, battered Mac customer base. Unfortunately, this sentiment represents the triumph of hope over experience.

It is long past time for Intuit to deliver a *real* Quicken for Mac, and to send the de facto Lacking For Mac product line to the knackery. I, for one, migrated my 14 years of detailed Quicken for Mac data in 2012 to iBank, a genuine cutting edge full-featured personal finance application, frequently updated and very well supported. I have looked at, and have been impressed also by Moneydance, which is particularly notable as being a True cross-platform application -- something Quicken was ideally placed to be, but never has been, from the 1990s to now. (iBank 5+ is a Mac OS and iOS-only application, but with exceptionally flexible file import and export features, including better compliance with Intuit's own QIF file exchange format than some Quicken-branded products.)

After more than eight years of empty promises and Mac vaporware from Intuit since Quicken for Mac 2007, I refuse to drink any more Quicken for Mac Kool-Aid. I have experienced, firsthand, the entire history of personal finance software on Mac because I have kept financial accounts on my Macs almost every day since 1984/85 (initially using a long-forgotten product called Dollars & $ense, then Quicken, MYOB and iBank, and Microsoft Excel in Mac and Windows as a financial calculation and reporting application since version 1.0). I am totally unimpressed by Quicken for Mac 2015.

In my earlier review of Quicken Essentials for Mac at http://www.amazon.com/review/R3RBWLK74B6EPJ/ I wrote, in part, that Intuit's epic failure to properly update Quicken for Mac amounted to "the worst betrayal of customer loyalty and dashed customer hopes in the entire history of Mac software". I described Quicken Essentials for Mac as "a toy plastic knife for the tasks of skinning the personal finance grizzly bear". Quicken for Mac 2015, with features that place it somewhere between the toy-town accounting Quicken Essentials and the obsolete Quicken for Mac 2007, merely strengthens my conviction of having been absolutely correct in earlier negative assessments. Indeed, the outrageous con Intuit has foisted on consumers with Quicken for Mac 2015 shows I have been far too mild, not harsh enough in my past criticism, excessively restrained in spraying this product line with caustic metaphors. No other software maker has a track record to rival Intuit in repeated releases, and the most assiduous neglectful nurture, of Mac products which are the software equivalent of ox carts hyped up as Teslas, Sopwith Camels in F-22 Raptor livery, or Barbie Dolls pitched as peers of Gisele Bndchen. I recommend the same response to every other Mac personal finance user.

I also recommend extreme caution and skepticism when reading ALL positive reviews of this mediocre, bottom-rung product. The pattern of four and five star, one and two line unsubstantiated positive reviews, often posted around same dates from sock puppet accounts that have posted nothing or little else, is highly suspicious. The overall average star rating, which has been skewed upwards by these highly suspicious (in any case, unreliable) reviews, should be entirely ignored. On all the facts, and in comparison with Intuit's own Windows range and other manufacturers' superior competing products for Mac, Quicken (Lacking) for Mac 2015 is a genuine one-star item: the lowest of the low, just another "toy plastic knife for the tasks of skinning the personal finance grizzly bear".

POSTSCRIPT (23 June 2015)

Being an incurably curious masochist, I purchased the boxed version of Quicken for Mac 2015 over the counter from a reputable retailer in Philadelphia in April 2015. The cost was $80.99 including Pennsylvanias 6% sales tax. Intuit's anti-customer policies and attitudes had prevented me, as a non-US resident, buying the online download, or the boxed version, until my next visit to the US.

My hands-on experience of this awful product has confirmed my lowest assessments of it derived from pre-purchase research. I tested it two ways: 1. importing my old Quicken for Mac 2007 file via the QfM 2015 conversion (note: it converts, it does not read or write QfM 2007 data), and 2. starting a new file from scratch.

Almost a year has passed since the initial release of QfM 2015 in August 2014, but the latest update version 2.5.0 has added no significant features to redress any major deficiency of the initial release. Most astonishing of all, Intuit seems still not to have worked out that many Mac users travel, work, earn, spend and invest outside the United States and in more than one country and currency.

"Quicken for Mac 2015" is not even basic: it is sub-standard, for all the reasons I and other reviewers and comment writers have set out in great detail.

Mac personal finance software "basic" includes 1. Multiple currency support, and 2. Ability to read and write native files between any same-branded products on Mac OS and Windows.

Quicken for Mac 2015 cannot do "basic", despite being the latest iteration of the Quicken for Mac line which was launched 26 years ago in 1989. It is the longest-running personal finance product line for Mac, yet it is the *least capable* product in the entire field. As stated above, at least three competing products in the field, iBank 5+, Moneydance 2014+ and SEE Finance, are years - even decades - ahead of Quicken for Mac on most criteria. QfM 2015 is as capable of meeting "basic" personal finance needs as an ox cart is capable of meeting a car buyer's basic need for transportation because it has wheels.

QfM 2015 deficiencies and flaws are innumerable, but here are a few more in addition to those specified above and in the 80-plus comments attached to this review:

 Currency on converted file defaults to USD$. If you want to change that, no preference setting is available across the entire file: it is necessary to go into the settings for each account and change it there.

 Each account can be set to different currencies  but no currency exchange rate conversion in Quicken is possible!

 QfM 2015 deviates from long-established accounting practice in terminology, accounts structure and reports. Look in vain for a balance sheet, cash flow or other such standard report.

 When starting a new file from scratch there are no standard charts of accounts or category sets for common purposes such as household accounting, small business, or other common user profiles.

* Cannot import or convert multiple currency transactions from Quicken for Windows or other multiple currency capable applications.

 Conversion from Quicken 2007 for Mac will not carry over scheduled transactions.

 QfM 2015 by default saves its data file in the Library folder, a folder intended only to contain auxiliary system or application files like fonts and preferences. There is no File>Save As command. The Quicken working data file can be moved, but with a non-standard File>Move To command.  No other Mac database application I ever have seen works this way, for good reason: saving working data in a System-related folder is not compliant with Mac OS design, and could get novice Mac users into trouble.
When will I learn? It's nowhere near as good as the PC version. I'm going back to running&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Premier-Personal-Finance-Budgeting-Software-2015-Old-Version/dp/B00M9GTL6M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Premier Personal Finance & Budgeting Software 2015 [Old Version</a>] using&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Parallels-Desktop-11-for-Mac/dp/B013XFGA6G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Parallels Desktop 11 for Mac</a>&nbsp;on my mac
No-one who is serious about personal financial accounting should buy this product.

Intuit has foisted yet ANOTHER outrage on the Mac user community with ANOTHER farcical release of a sub-par product. Yet ANOTHER so-called "Quicken for Mac" that is incompatible with and requires conversion from ANY of its own Quicken for Windows products; that lacks numerous essential features Quicken for Windows has had for years such as multiple currency capability.

Intuit has had 26 years to get it right, since the first Quicken for Mac in 1989. All they have done with their Quicken for Mac range since at least 2007 is produce the least capable of all personal finance software for Mac.

What is Intuit thinking? Do they think at all? What rational conclusion is possible from release of Quicken for Mac 2016after the debacles of Quicken Essentials and Quicken for Mac 2015than that Intuit thinks we Mac users are innumerate idiots, dupes, pushovers to have our pockets picked?

If you match that description, this is the product for you. If not, a swathe of far better full-featured Mac personal finance software is availableincluding iBank, Moneydance, SEE Finance, GnuCash and MyMoney.

Have I fallen into the trap and bought it? Noand I will not. I've read and compared its specifications with other products, including its immediate predecessor Quicken for Mac 2015, which I own. (See my detailed review, with 93 comments, on that disaster at https://www.amazon.com/review/RB8PUB93R2QVO/) . This is all rational and reasonable assessment needs to show that Quicken for Mac 2016 is a sub-par product.

Run, fly, flee, do not merely walk, from Quicken for Mac.
Quicken Essentials for Mac is nothing more than what your bank or credit card companies send you every month.

This is not a replacement Quicken 2006 or any other programs you've bought in the past.

Instead of buying this program send your money to Nigeria you'll have about the same out come.

This is what happens when you out source your brain power. I'm sure the person that came up with this idea has received a promotion and pay raise.

Intuit should be embarrassed by the scam they pulled with this program. If you we're like me and trusted Intuit! Then all is not lost, ask for a refund and you shall receive.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/New-Intuit-Quicken-Essentials-For-Mac-Personal-Finance-Software-Simple-Money-Management/dp/B0050PIG7O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">New Intuit Quicken Essentials For Mac Personal Finance Software Simple Money Management</a><a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Essentials-for-Mac-Download/dp/B003PDMNCC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Essentials for Mac  [Download</a>]<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Essential-MAC/dp/B005556YZK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Essential MAC</a>
If you are a PC user thinking about switching to a MAC who relies upon Quicken then you need to understand that there is no Quicken equivalent for the MAC at this time.

Intuit is not very friendly towards the MAC community. Most of their products barely contain any of the features in their PC equivalent besides being several years behind in development.

Quicken essentials is an example of that.

Quicken 2007 was the last feature rich program produced. The problem is Quicken 2007 was written for the PowerPC Chip which Mac moved from. Quicken Essentials was re-written from the ground up but left out about 90% of the features found in Quicken 2007 let alone the fact Quicken 2007 was already missing features in its PC twin. Most have stuck with the five year old program as Rosetta which was included in 10.6 emulated the PowerPC chip on an Intel based MAC but UNFORTUNATELY Rosetta was dropped from 10.7 forward making Quicken 2007 obsolete if you upgrade your OS.

Do not buy Quicken Essentials. It is graphically pretty but lacks any features that you cannot already find just logging on your banks website.

1) Partition your computer into two drives. Install OS 10.6 on one drive and 10.7 on the other. Install Quicken 2007 on the 10.6 Drive.

2) Use iBank or MoneyDance
I have been a quicken user for 15 years.  I've been using Quicken for Mac for about 4 years.  It's not that great, worse than the windows versions (although at least it doesn't have the annoying ads and upsells) but it does the job.

I was hoping for something good from Quicken Essentials for Mac.  I was disappointed.  It's nothing like Quicken and missing many features.

The user interface is totally different than what regular Quicken (mac or windows) is.  I tried getting using to it, wrap my head around it.  Here's the good that came of it: I found iBank.

iBank uses roughly the same interface model as Quicken Essentials, but has many more features that QE is missing.  I had tried iBank in the past, but didn't like the interface.  Now that I've tried QE, I realize that iBank is a better deal.

Check out iBank before wasting money on Quicken Essentials.

<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iBank/dp/B000Q1OTTG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iBank</a>
If you purchase the download for Quicken 2016 download, it says it only works on Yosemite.  If you purchase the disk, like I did, it says "Mac OS X, Mac OS X 10.10, implying that it works on earlier versions of Mac OS X than Yosemite.  It doesn't.  You have to upgrade to Yosemite.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-For-Mac-2016-Personal-Finance-Budgeting-Software/dp/B01326J5MC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken For Mac 2016 Personal Finance & Budgeting Software</a>

Topic 4: years 0.09475 used 0.06234 amazon 0.03188 download 0.03008 refund 0.02651 bought 0.0241 10 0.02188 purchased 0.02188 purchase 0.02109 past 0.00928
 How Many: 26822
The only reason I bought this instead of a competing product is they say I could get a 10% bonus if I applied my tax refund to an Amazon gift card. What they don't tell you is that they require you to get at least $200 of your refund as a direct deposit or check. That $200 is not eligible for the 10% bonus. So if you are due a $1000 refund and you had planned to get the $1000 refund plus a 10% bonus amount applied to an Amazon Gift Card for a total of $1100, that will not happen. You will instead get $800 of your refund plus an $80 bonus applied to the Amazon gift card and $200 as a refund check or direct deposit. Instead of getting $1100 dollars total you get $1080. I see it as though Intuit is secretly charging and extra $20 in order to take advantage of this free offer. I WILL NEVER USE AN INTUIT PRODUCT OR SERVICE AGAIN.
The software I downloaded was easy enough to use.  However, when it came time to take advantage of the "bonus offer" (an additional 10% for putting some or all of the refund on an Amazon gift card) I was informed that my return didn't "qualify".  There was a list of reasons, but I wasn't given the specific reason that I was declined.  The ONLY possible reason was that my refund amount didn't qualify, but there was no amount given.  So, who knows.  When I clicked on the link in this statement, "For complete terms and conditions, see www.amazon.com/gc-legal," I got a "page not found" notification.

The "Bonus Offer" was the main reason I chose THIS particular product.  Never again.

Badly done, Amazon.
What a ripoff.  Amazon says in their email promo - $10 discount refund bonus.  Implying you get a $10 credit towards future Amazon purchases.

I clicked on the ad and go to the Amazon page for downloading Turbotax.  Looked at the page carefully for details of the bonus refund.  Nothing... except in the title "Refund Bonus Offer..."

So I go ahead and purchase Turbotax figuring the bonus will show up.  What do I get??? After purchasing turbotax I got an email saying $8 towards purchasing Norton 360.  To me - that's a blatant bait and switch.  In addition - I hate Norton.  It sucks up all the computer's resources and keeps you waiting forever for updates.

I've noticed Amazon has become more and more deceptive.  Not good practice.  I've bought a lot of stuff off of Amazon - From now on they won't be a primary source when doing my on-line shopping.
I received my deposit from the IRS 4 days ago and have yet to receive my amazon gift card. I was told through an email that I would receive my gift card in 24-48 hours it has now been 72 hours. Still no idea where my amazon gift card is or when it is coming. I have been on the phone now with all 3 companies involved and they are all blaming each other. I will call amazon one more time tonight to request a refund of my turbo tax purchase. Again do NOT buy this product if you are expecting the 10% amazon gift card promotion.

***Not 10 minutes after this was posted i received my gift card. My review still stand as not one of these companies knew what was going on. Google this issue it is a widespread problem. Intuit, SBTPG and Amazon all say you need to call one of the other 2 companies to get this issue sorted out. Terrible customer service in handling this promotion.
The Amazon gift card bonus program is Falsely advertised as, "Use some (or all) of your federal refund to purchase an Amazon.com Gift Card and Turbotax will tack on more."  The actual truth is, you can't use the first $195 of your refund for that purpose.

Updated 3/13/14: TurboTax is STILL advertising "Use any increment of $100 from your Federal Tax Return to purchase an Amazon.com Gift Card." Again, that is not True.

I called TurboTax phone support and escalated the issue one level to a supervisor, who was condescending but offered me a $10 coupon on next year's product as compensation for their False advertising. Whoopee. And she did apologize. In all, I wasted 55 minutes on the phone, almost entirely on hold while they looked up their own policy, then hemmed and hawed. I am sorry I experimented with TurboTax this year and I will go back to H&R Block next year.
I love using turbo tax, it gets the job done in less time every year.  This year, I thought I'd take advantage of the 10% Amazon credit on my refund.  The taz filing process is easy, but at the end, a set of screens appears to ask how you'd like your refund.  One option is the Amazon credit with a 10% bonus.  The example displayed suggests adding $500 will get you a 10% bonus enabling Amazon credit of $550.  However, the next screen displays a slider graphic which allows you to select the dollars used for the Amazon offer vs. what will be directly refunded.  On my screen, the amount available amount of refund for the Amazon credit topped at only $200, less than half of my total refund.  The tool would not allow me to add any more.  Hence, for a offer that did not live up to the advertised level.  I say, buyer beware, and give it a 2 star rating
I have used Turbotax for years to do my taxes.  This edition seemed to have more bugs.  Also, it was advertised that you would receive a 10% gift card to Amazon of your tax refund.  Well, this is just not True.  I finished my taxes and found there were many hoops to jump through for this bonus gift card and some were simply beyond my control.  You must e-file, direct deposit your refund to only one financial institution, etc and then after meeting all criteria finding out that the refund must be $295 (something out of my control at this point).  This was not advertised in this manner.
I have used Turbo Tax before and it fulfilled its purpose again this year.  My problem was with the refund bonus offer that came with the product.  I elected to have a portion of my tax refund applied toward an Amazon gift card, and Intuit was to issue the gift card with an additional bonus.  I filed my return more than 6 weeks ago.  Within 9 days of e-filing, I had received my refund.  The refund reflected a reduction to account for the gift card that Intuit was to deliver.  Yet, Intuit has yet to deliver on its promise.  What's more, I have tried to communicate with Intuit about it but it is non-responsive.  They have taken part of my tax refund!!!
The software works fine. I have used Turbo Tax for years and it always performs as expected. A little glitch this year when e-filing the return but reloaded software and it worked.

My beef is with the Amazon 10% offer. I selected a portion of my refund to be issued in Amazon gift cards with a 10% bonus. Seems like a good deal until they ask you to agree to terms which includes sharing your data internally AND EXTERNALLY with other financial institutions. I have a very long standing relationship with Amazon but I really have an issue with them offering the 10% bonus only to wrap the bonus up in onerous terms.

Shame on Amazon for doing this. As a result I am only awarding a single star.
I've used Turbotax for years. Turbotax is a fine product and not the subject of this review.
This is the first time I purchased a software download from Amazon.
Until Amazon provides an actual download and not some Windows executable downloader ap, this will be the last download I purchase from Amazon.

Topic 5: program 0.08396 computer 0.02758 install 0.01885 installed 0.01408 copy 0.01015 use 0.00977 hard 0.00917 files 0.00789 cd 0.00753 problems 0.00611
 How Many: 26822
Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called "C-Dilla".  That program was supposed to be a DRM (Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy) program, but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossible to remove from your system.
Before considering TurboTax, make a strong effort to find out if C-Dilla is no longer part of the TurboTax program.
In the 2002 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax 2002.  (The original uninstall program that came with TurboTax 2002 didn't remove C-Dilla.)
Why dislike C-Dilla ?  Here's why.
For those of you who don't know what CDilla is:
It's spyware, that sits on your PC and monitors activity... not just when you use TurboTax, but ALL the time.  It's also malware, because it interferes with your CD copying... not just preventing  certain copyrighted CDs from being copied (OK, OK) but may also prevent your CD burner from copying CDs properly...whether there's a legitimate COPYRIGHT reason for preventing that copy or not.
CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared, self-created partition on your hard disk.  Yes, that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users, that's going to be a real problems, because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea...particularly if you have several partitions, dedicated to several flavors of operating system (Windows and Linux, for example... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot).
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech and its sister publication PC Magazine are industry leaders.  You have probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  This is from one of many articles there about C-Dilla, particularly C-Dilla on Intuit's TurboTax software. (Intuit-TurboTax-2002's version of C-Dilla wasn't different from any other version of C-Dilla.  It just got alot of attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From the article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles, and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla, what it does, why folks dislike it intensely, etc. etc.
In short, C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product until Intuit promises that C-Dilla is NOT a part of the 2003 offering.  Be safe...buy something else instead.  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called "C-Dilla".  That program was supposed to be a DRM (Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy) program, but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossible to remove from your system.
Before considering TurboTax, make a strong effort to find out if C-Dilla is no longer part of the TurboTax program.
In the 2002 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax 2002.  (The original uninstall program that came with TurboTax 2002 didn't remove C-Dilla.)
Why dislike C-Dilla ?  Here's why.
For those of you who don't know what CDilla is:
It's spyware, that sits on your PC and monitors activity... not just when you use TurboTax, but ALL the time.  It's also malware, because it interferes with your CD copying... not just preventing  certain copyrighted CDs from being copied (OK, OK) but may also prevent your CD burner from copying CDs properly...whether there's a legitimate COPYRIGHT reason for preventing that copy or not.
CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared, self-created partition on your hard disk.  Yes, that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users, that's going to be a real problems, because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea...particularly if you have several partitions, dedicated to several flavors of operating system (Windows and Linux, for example... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot).
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech and its sister publication PC Magazine are industry leaders.  You have probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  This is from one of many articles there about C-Dilla, particularly C-Dilla on Intuit's TurboTax software. (Intuit-TurboTax-2002's version of C-Dilla wasn't different from any other version of C-Dilla.  It just got alot of attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From the article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles, and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla, what it does, why folks dislike it intensely, etc. etc.
In short, C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product until Intuit promises that C-Dilla is NOT a part of the 2003 offering.  Be safe...buy something else instead.  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called "C-Dilla".  That program was supposed to be a DRM (Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy) program, but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossible to remove from your system.
Before considering TurboTax, make a strong effort to find out if C-Dilla is no longer part of the TurboTax program.  If C-Dilla's there... buy something else.  Warning:  In the 2002 version, C-Dilla's presence may NOT have been listed on the box or enclosed literature.  Certainly C-Dilla's presence and activities on users' PCs were under-reported in Intuit/TurboTax's literature, making TurboTax 2002 a trojan.  Intuit was not very forthcoming about how C-Dilla worked, how to remove it, etc., etc. until public pressure forced them to open up... a little.
In the 2002 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax 2002.  (The original uninstall program that came with TurboTax 2002 didn't remove C-Dilla.)
Why dislike C-Dilla ?  Here's why.
For those of you who don't know what CDilla is:
It's spyware, that sits on your PC and monitors activity... not just when you use TurboTax, but ALL the time.  It's also malware, because it interferes with your CD copying... not just preventing  certain copyrighted CDs from being copied (OK, OK) but may also prevent your CD burner from copying CDs properly...whether there's a legitimate COPYRIGHT reason for preventing that copy or not.
CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared, self-created partition on your hard disk.  Yes, that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users, that's going to be a real problems, because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea...particularly if you have several partitions, dedicated to several flavors of operating system (Windows and Linux, for example... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot).
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech and its sister publication PC Magazine are industry leaders.  You have probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  This is from one of many articles there about C-Dilla, particularly C-Dilla on Intuit's TurboTax software. (Intuit-TurboTax-2002's version of C-Dilla wasn't different from any other version of C-Dilla.  It just got alot of attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From the article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles, and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla, what it does, why folks dislike it intensely, whether it can be removed from a PC, etc. etc.
In short, C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product until Intuit promises that C-Dilla is NOT a part of the 2003 offering.  Be safe...buy something else instead.  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called "C-Dilla".  That program was supposed to be a DRM (Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy) program, but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossible to remove from your system.
Before considering TurboTax, make a strong effort to find out if C-Dilla is no longer part of the TurboTax program.  If C-Dilla's there... buy something else.  Warning:  In the 2002 version, C-Dilla's presence may NOT have been listed on the box or enclosed literature.  Certainly C-Dilla's presence and activities on users' PCs were under-reported in Intuit/TurboTax's literature, making TurboTax 2002 a trojan.  Intuit was not very forthcoming about how C-Dilla worked, how to remove it, etc., etc. until public pressure forced them to open up... a little.
In the 2002 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax 2002.  (The original uninstall program that came with TurboTax 2002 didn't remove C-Dilla.)
Why dislike C-Dilla ?  Here's why.
For those of you who don't know what CDilla is:
It's spyware, that sits on your PC and monitors activity... not just when you use TurboTax, but ALL the time.  It's also malware, because it interferes with your CD copying... not just preventing  certain copyrighted CDs from being copied (OK, OK) but may also prevent your CD burner from copying CDs properly...whether there's a legitimate COPYRIGHT reason for preventing that copy or not.
CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared, self-created partition on your hard disk.  Yes, that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users, that's going to be a real problems, because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea...particularly if you have several partitions, dedicated to several flavors of operating system (Windows and Linux, for example... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot).
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech and its sister publication PC Magazine are industry leaders.  You have probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  This is from one of many articles there about C-Dilla, particularly C-Dilla on Intuit's TurboTax software. (Intuit-TurboTax-2002's version of C-Dilla wasn't different from any other version of C-Dilla.  It just got alot of attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From the article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles, and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla, what it does, why folks dislike it intensely, whether it can be removed from a PC, etc. etc.
In short, C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product until Intuit promises that C-Dilla is NOT a part of the 2003 offering.  Be safe...buy something else instead.  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called "C-Dilla".  That program was supposed to be a DRM (Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy) program, but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossibel to remove from your system.
Before considering TurboTax, make a strong effort to find out if C-Dilla is no longer part of the TurboTax program(s), and that it is not a part of this "TurboTax Organizer".
In the 2002 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax 2002.  (The original uninstall program that came with TurboTax 2002 didn't remove C-Dilla.)
Why dislike C-Dilla ?  Here's why:
If I had known in advance that this program contains CDilla spyware / malware, I would not have bought it.  I ordered the product already... but I guarantee it will make a quick trip to the trash-bin UNOPENED.
For those of you who don't know what CDilla is:
It's spyware, which means it reports across the internet to let the mfr. know if you're making extra copies.  It's also malware, because it interferes with your CD copying... not just preventing  certain copyrighted CDs from being copied (OK, OK) but also just plain preventing your CD burner from copying random CDs properly...whether there's a legitimate reason for preventing that copy or not.
CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared, self-created partition on your hard disk.  Yes, that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users, that's going to be a real problems, because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea...particularly if you have several partitions, dedicated to several flavors of operating system (Windows and Linux, for example... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot).
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech and its sister publication PC Magazine are industry leaders.  You have probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  This is from one of many articles there about C-Dilla, particularly C-Dilla on Intuit's TurboTax software. (Intuit-TurboTax-2002's version of C-Dilla wasn't different from any other version of C-Dilla.  It just got alot of attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From the article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles, and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla, what it does, why folks dislike it intensely, etc. etc.
In short, C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product.  Buy something else instead.  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called "C-Dilla".  That program was supposed to be a DRM (Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy) program, but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossibel to remove from your system.
Before considering TurboTax, make a strong effort to find out if C-Dilla is no longer part of the TurboTax program(s), and that it is not a part of this "TurboTax Organizer".
In the 2002 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax 2002.  (The original uninstall program that came with TurboTax 2002 didn't remove C-Dilla.)
Why dislike C-Dilla ?  Here's why:
If I had known in advance that this program contains CDilla spyware / malware, I would not have bought it.  I ordered the product already... but I guarantee it will make a quick trip to the trash-bin UNOPENED.
For those of you who don't know what CDilla is:
It's spyware, which means it reports across the internet to let the mfr. know if you're making extra copies.  It's also malware, because it interferes with your CD copying... not just preventing  certain copyrighted CDs from being copied (OK, OK) but also just plain preventing your CD burner from copying random CDs properly...whether there's a legitimate reason for preventing that copy or not.
CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared, self-created partition on your hard disk.  Yes, that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users, that's going to be a real problems, because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea...particularly if you have several partitions, dedicated to several flavors of operating system (Windows and Linux, for example... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot).
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech and its sister publication PC Magazine are industry leaders.  You have probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  This is from one of many articles there about C-Dilla, particularly C-Dilla on Intuit's TurboTax software. (Intuit-TurboTax-2002's version of C-Dilla wasn't different from any other version of C-Dilla.  It just got alot of attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From the article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles, and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla, what it does, why folks dislike it intensely, etc. etc.
In short, C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product.  Buy something else instead.  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech &sister publication PC Magazine're industry leaders.  You've probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  (Note:Intuit-TurboTax-2002's C-Dilla wasn't different from other versions of C-Dilla.  It just got lotsa attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From ET's article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."...  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
In the 2002/2003 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax somewhat apologizing, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax2002.  (The original uninstaller didn't remove C-Dilla.)
2004...does it have C-Dilla ?  I don't know.  It's not out yet.  Approach with caution.
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech &sister publication PC Magazine're industry leaders.  You've probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  (Note:Intuit-TurboTax-2002's C-Dilla wasn't different from other versions of C-Dilla.  It just got lotsa attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From ET's article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
...  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
In the 2002/2003 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax somewhat apologizing, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax2002.  (The original uninstaller didn't remove C-Dilla.)
2004...does it have C-Dilla ?  I don't know.  It's not out yet.  Approach with caution.
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech &sister publication PC Magazine're industry leaders.  You've probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  (Note:Intuit-TurboTax-2002's C-Dilla wasn't different from other versions of C-Dilla.  It just got lotsa attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From ET's article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."...  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
In the 2002/2003 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax somewhat apologizing, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax2002.  (The original uninstaller didn't remove C-Dilla.)
2004...does it have C-Dilla ?  I don't know.  It's not out yet.  Approach with caution.
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech &sister publication PC Magazine're industry leaders.  You've probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  (Note:Intuit-TurboTax-2002's C-Dilla wasn't different from other versions of C-Dilla.  It just got lotsa attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From ET's article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
...  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
In the 2002/2003 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax somewhat apologizing, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax2002.  (The original uninstaller didn't remove C-Dilla.)
2004...does it have C-Dilla ?  I don't know.  It's not out yet.  Approach with caution.

Topic 6: quicken 0.09632 data 0.02414 transactions 0.02117 account 0.02029 accounts 0.0179 bank 0.0174 update 0.01575 2013 0.01173 download 0.00994 financial 0.00954
 How Many: 26822
Here's a blow-by-blow account of the numerous bugs I've encountered using Quicken the last five years. It ain't pretty. The product's just been getting worse since 2002.

Quicken 2008: Was a forced/hostage upgrade from Quicken 2005. You "have" to upgrade since they've cut a deal with the financial institutions to cut off your online access with the institutions if you don't upgrade every three years. Just as found when I was hostage upgraded in 2005 from 2002, there's nothing more than a cosmetic face-lift, no meaningful fixes/improvements -- but there's even more bugs, problems and aggravation.

* Product now will not connect properly to Fidelity; no problem under 2005.

* Took forever to figure out how to turn off a "reminder" function ... that kept reminding me to pay bills already scheduled to be paid using the auto-pay function. 2005 did the same thing and it's not been fixed.

*You can turn off the product registration nag screen ... if you Google to find out how. Product does not have to be registered to use it.

* Un-reconciles accounts six months back every once in a while. I've been assuming that's being caused by a few bytes of bad data that occasionally comes from the financial institutions ... that the Quicken people have not properly coded so as to filter out. This bug also surfaced in 2005. Two weeks into 2008, I've seen it again already.

* You can't turn off the "free update/revision" nag screen unless you take the update. No such nag screen in 2005.

* When connecting, the completion screen used to show which accounts had new transactions to match and had convenient buttons next to each to take you directly to the account. Gone in 2008. Now I have to look through every account each time to see where transactions might have been retrieved.

* Icons everywhere attempting to peddle other unwanted Quicken products. One of the 'product improvements' in 2008.

* Doesn't handle stock distributions correctly (since they were not actually paid for); keeps generating error messages when you enter the correct posting of no cost incurred. Same problem in 2005.

* Tricky screens/checkboxes/prompts that try to bait you into using/enrolling for QuickenDot services when you don't have to or need to. Users that did so now post complaints they can't undo it and that the QuickenDot server is constantly down, causing problems/delays when trying to connect to other accounts using a one-step update.

Yet another company that's grown totally complacent about product quality while wallowing in its assured-for-the-moment revenue stream. It will bite them hard in the long-run. Postings indicate similar complaining regarding the major competitor product, Microsoft Money. If history is any lesson, there's no reason to suspect that these software products will ever get better under these conditions. Some other product will have to steal their customer base before they wake up and smell the coffee.

If you are not already committed to either of those two products, take a good long look at open source software such as GNU Cash.

[Update: April 15, 2008] Does now connect to Fidelity ... occasionally. When I opened the portfolio area today, the entire computer screen flashed with confusion and the product crashed. 2005 never once crashed. Still flashing but no subsequent crashes. Who knows what happened. Not me. Apparently not Quicken programmers either.

[Update: July 12, 2008] Connects to Fidelity now more or less on regular basis. Software still flashes/flickers routinely. Also slow to load, apparently trying to read every single record into RAM, regardless of age. Pop-up screen this morning stating "We've noticed you are not downloading your current Quicken Visa/MasterCard transactions, click here to ..." I don't have one. Obviously a deceptive come-on intended to trick users into the application process for a Quicken credit card. Nice. Still constantly beg-screens me to take the latest software update.

[Update: October 18, 2008] Just downloaded this week's financial transactions and Quicken wiped out four months of reconciliation on one of my credit cards ... again.

[Update: January 10, 2009] Tried to change the amount of an annual repeating payment. Refused to accept the change with the error message "You must make this change and sign on no later than six days before scheduled payment." Payment was set for April 4, 2009, almost three months in the future. I had to delete the payment, log on to make the deletion take effect, then enter the payment all over again for the new amount, then log on again to make that payment take effect. And when I tried to log on I rec'd an error message stating an Internet connection was not detected (a message I get rather often despite my always-on broadband). Luckily I can choose the "Ignore" button and it will go ahead and connect. Quicken programming staff = worthless carpetbaggers.

[Update: March 5, 2009] Wanted to stop an ongoing monthly repeating payment where the next scheduled payment was already in place in my register for March 27. I edited in a change for "how many times" from "unlimited" to "1." In other words, I wanted to pay on March 27 for the last time. When I logged on to the bank the first time, Quicken canceled the March 27 payment. Now doesn't that take the cake--Quicken accounting/finance software programmers are unable to count up to one. And, as all too often anymore, the screen went wacko while I was logging onto the bank.

[Update: March 8, 2009] Quicken just UNreconciled one of my credit cards (again) back to the October, 2008 close. Luckily, its a card I don't use much. I suppose this has something to do with Quicken software coders not understanding the start of Daylight Savings Time.

[Update: March 27, 2009] The repeating payment change I referred to at March 5, 2009? The saga continues. When I tried to enter the NEW repeating payment, it wouldn't take. I entered it, connected to the bank and nothing happened. The payment did not show in the list of repeating payments or in the register. I tried deleting the payee entirely to start over, but Quicken wouldn't/won't let me delete that payee at all. It claims it cannot be deleted because there is a repeating payment in effect ... that would be the payment that is ALREADY canceled. Which means I can't cancel it so I can't delete the payee. To set up the new payment I ended up having to create an entire new payee to make the new payment 'take.' I had to put a dash in the middle of the account number to create the new payee since Quicken won't allow two repeating payments with the exact same account number. And I am still stuck with the old payee on file which I cannot delete at all. I had to call the bank twice just to make sure the durn payment is actually going to be made on time ... and made only once ... and for the correct amount. You would think there would be a way to force deletion of a payee. Then again YOU are thinking, Quicken programmers on the other hand are off somewhere slurping down a latte.

[Update: April 2, 2009] Have an established monthly recurring payment of $X and would like to change it to $Y. Enter the Online Center, click on Repeating. There it is. Click on it then select Edit. Change the amount from $X to $Y. Save the change. Seems simple enough. Log on to the bank. Result: (1) Quicken cancels the next pending payment, on April 19, of $X. So far so good. (2) Quicken enters a pending payment into the checkbook register for $Y dated May 19. Huh? What happened to my April payment? God only knows what will happen if I tinker with this recurring payment any further. I will write a paper check for one month ... and hope for the best.

[Update: July 14, 2009] Quicken is popping up a screen telling me I am overdue on a July 10 payment to a vendor. The register shows the payment was made and cleared on July 10. And it's reminding me to schedule another future payment ... that's already scheduled. It's the same durn thing I was talking about in bullet # 2 at the top of the review, apparently it's a zombie bug that has now risen from the dead. Still begs me to take the Quicken software update constantly.

[Update: September 15, 2009] Quicken has suddenly started reminding me ... once again ... that certain bills are overdue, even though they've already been paid using the automatic monthly payment function. It asks me if I want to delete, pay or skip. I can only guess what havoc might occur if I delete or skip ... so I just keep waiting for the nag screen to eventually go away.

[Update: January 17, 2010] Repeating payment to my HOA increasing by four bucks a month. Learned already the hard way that if you change it by just increasing the payment, it doesn't take. So I first deleted the existing repeating payment entirely (but not the existing payee). Logged onto the bank. Deletion occurred properly. THEN I tried to create a new repeating payment (using the existing payee). Enter all the information - and nothing happens. Just like I never entered it at all. Rebooting, log on to the bank again, no change. So I created a new payee (with slightly different spellings for payee name and account number since those fields define the unique payee). Creation took place properly - after every desktop icon on screen flashed on and off screen for nearly a minute. Logged on to bank to let Quicken advise of new payee. THEN created new payment using the tweaked, new payee. Logged on again. More icon flashing in process. New repeating payment now appears in register. Although it has NOT always done so in the past, THIS TIME Quicken let me delete the old payee. For users that can't figure out these kinds of workarounds, the simple, everyday-routine, core process of adjusting the amount of a repeating payment simply doesn't work. It USED to work in older versions of Quicken, so I can only assume Quicken programmers spend their lazy afternoons destroying old code and functionality - instead of writing new code to fix known bugs.

[Update: January 26, 2010] The above described payment (at four bucks more) was made successfully to the HOA yesterday. In the Quicken Bill Reminder Tray it says I have FOUR payments missing - all to the HOA, all at the new 'four bucks more' amount, two of them due yesterday and two of them due today. As always when this tray incorrectly reports overdue payments, the tray's three choices are Enter, Edit and Skip. Which one would you dare use to try to get the stuff to disappear? If you choose Skip, will it take the payment back? Maybe in the mirror-image BizarroWorld that is Quicken software.

[Update: July 25, 2010] Used a certain credit card last month (that hadn't been used otherwise in about eight months). The account had been live and retrieving transactions without incident for years. The account password is saved in Quicken so that it can do so. But guess what, those new transactions did not retrieve after multiple log-ons (using Quicken's "one-step update" which logs on to all active accounts in a single pass). Quicken reflects the account as active for transaction retrieval, everything AOK. Quicken also reflects the connection took place with the account without error. If I didn't KNOW I had transactions not retrieved, I wouldn't have had the least idea there was an error. Not that Quicken would give me the least indication to do so, I went ahead and tried solving the error by re-running the account through the 'online initialization' process again. It worked. The transactions then retrieved normally. HOWEVER the NEXT time I tried to run through the logon/retrieval process, Quicken demanded I provide the account's password. That would be the very same password it had in storage to begin with - and that I JUST provided to Quicken a SECOND time when I did the re-initialization. Dumb, dumb, dumb. Also, after the re-initialization, I started getting a message that claims 'your last update attempt was not successful, do you want to re-try?" I figure that erroneous message will resolve itself after enough time has eroded since 'my last update attempt.'

[Update: August 8, 2010] I wanted to change the amount for a repeating payment (the equal pay plan for my utility bill was adjusted), so I used the `change' function. Kick me in the *** because (1) using the obviously correct approach in Quicken often means trouble and (2) I've tried this before and it's a major fail. I opened the repeating payment, changed the amount and clicked the OK button. As I was signing on, Quicken advised it would be changing the payment amount just exactly as I had entered it. Result: both payments, old and new, are in the register. I marked the old payment for deletion and re-connected to the bank. The bank generated an error message stating that the old payment had already been cancelled. I tried deleting the old payment from my register and it won't budge. It demands that I must log on in order to complete the deletion. As I just said, when I logged on the bank refused to recognize the deletion request.

OK. I have a new plan for opening a can of whoop@ss on Quicken's demons. I will delete the NEW payment, then delete the payee entirely. Then Quicken will HAVE to let go of the old payment, right? Then I will re-create the payee. I marked the new payment for deletion and logged on. It WAS deleted at both the bank AND in the Quicken register. But when I try to delete the payee, Quicken says "cannot delete payee for which there are repeating online payments scheduled." Go to the screen that lists all the repeating payments. Nothing there. Go back to the register. The old payment is still there. The old payment that refuses to be deleted until it yaks with the bank ... too bad the bank says it's already deleted and won't yak. Totally screwed by Quicken again.

Eventually I discover via Googling that Quicken has an undocumented save posted in their support blogs - to use CTRL to force the deletion of the old payment. It works. I suppose that's worth half-a-point. OK, now let's put the new payment back (like it was before I deleted it). I enter all the information, click OK. Nothing happens. Acts like I entered nothing at all. Try it three times, zippo. I look in the list of repeating payments. I look in the transactions pending for transmission. I look in the register. Nothing. Unfortunately I've been here before. This entire process has "imploded" the payee, making it unusable.  I'll have to create an entirely new payee. I go to delete the old payee. It won't let me. It STILL insists I have repeating payments outstanding against it. Whattaeffing piece of software cr@pola.

I already have two other old payees I can't delete that act just like this ... even though they haven't been involved any kind of payment in at least a year. Quicken says in that same support blog webpage that using the CTRL key also forces payee deletions. Wrong, wrong, wrong. Can't get rid of it. (You can see these kinds of problems also discussed earlier in this review.) I will have to put a space or something in the account number to create a brand new payee, since that account number has already been "used" and Quicken won't let me re-use it. And I am stuck with another old payee I can't delete.

Oh, and down in my tab titled "Scheduled Bills & Deposits Due" I still  (as described above) have listed FOUR TIMES my monthly HOA payment, as being overdue from 13 days ago. (It's a repeating monthly payment set up in Quicken months ago, and it was already paid on schedule.) The four listings are actually two pairs of amounts, each pair one day apart. All of these are artifacts from where I tried to adjust that repeating payment amount when I experienced an increase. The three choices are "enter" "edit" or "skip" I've learned to wait until well after the bill is actually paid, then enter "skip." Otherwise it may well try to pay twice. (I've already described this particular bug up above ... just a reminder, it never goes away.) Bottom line:  since about 2005, the Quicken product has become totally effed up.

I am now about six months now from the next cycle of Quicken's "sunset policy." Every three years, you have to pay for the Quicken upgrade or they cut off your ability to download transactions from your financial institutions (Quicken servers are the `middle man" between your software and the institutions). Maybe it's time to migrate to competing software product that works right, only has to be bought once ... and connects directly to my institution to collect unadulterated data!

When Quicken goes under, I'm going to wear a pink tuxedo to the funeral.

[UPDATE: August 14, 2010] FREE AT LAST, FREE AT LAST !! After that last fiasco, I decided why invest more time trying to solve the Quicken problem ... when I could invest that time migrating to Moneydance 2010.

Moneydance, what a dream come True! And much less painful a migration that I imagined. Just buy the license at the website first, then download&install the product. Here's a couple of key points I learned (the hard way) that should make your migration run smooth as silk:

* Export the data from Quicken using the "all accounts' option (not one account at a time). I had to look for it but that choice WAS in the Quicken drop-down list.

* When importing IGNORE any advice Moneydance offers that you ought check the "Import account info only" option (ie, to import the structure/tables/fieldnames first, then to go back and re-do the procedure to get the data records). When I followed that advice, I had all sorts of screwy issues, records landing every which way. When I DID NOT check the box (in essence asking Moneydance to import everything in one fell swoop - both records & structure/tables/fieldnames for all of the Quicken accounts) everything dropped right into place, ready to roll. The only record that did not import correctly (and I had ten years of records over about fifteen accounts) was the "original transfer balance in" for one account.

After that I did have to do some minor clean-up for a while - entering stock symbols, entering the names I wanted to use for the accounts, other account details such as my credit card numbers. To make the stock prices update in real time (for some reason) you have to manually add-in two developer extensions. Easy to do (so long as you realize that you have to do it) and the user's guide explains how exactly. Quick and no glitches.

Moneydance swims slick as an eel. Downloading of records only takes three or four seconds at most. With Quicken it took a lot longer. Moneydance is connecting direct to the institution; Quicken is running you through its own server as an intermediary. I wouldn't be the least bit surprised to find that a lot of my earlier issues (such as missing or duplicate records) that I did NOT post in my reviews (since I did not attribute them to Quicken) turn out to disappear. Because they were being CAUSED by Quicken's intermediary server. We'll see.

The online banking download setup was easy, but there were the most minor of issues. Moneydance did not have any idea of course when the last download was done (with Quicken), so it retrieved all the available records at the institutions. (Be smart and bring your Quicken accounts and downloads totally current and as reconciled as possible BEFORE you export them.) Also, where I had multiple accounts at one institution, it got confused first go-round, mixing them all up - and changing the account numbers in the setup parameters. I just deleted all the downloaded records and went back and re-entered the correct account numbers. After adjusting that first `initializing' download for each account, no problems.

I haven't started using the `setup payments through Moneydance' feature yet. My bet it'll be easy.

Moneydance. Just do it.
When Quicken goes under, I'm going to wear a pink tuxedo to the funeral.

[These comments are based on my continuing nightmare of lousy experiences with Quicken Deluxe 2008. This software, which has been getting continually worse since 2002, couldn't have possibly improved since then ... ]

For me Quicken 2008 was a forced/hostage upgrade from Quicken 2005. You "have" to upgrade since they've cut a deal with the financial institutions to cut off your online access with the institutions if you don't upgrade every three years. Just as found when I was hostage upgraded in 2005 from 2002, there's nothing more than a cosmetic face-lift, no meaningful fixes/improvements -- but there's even more bugs, problems and aggravation.

* Product now will not connect properly to Fidelity; no problem under 2005.

* Took forever to figure out how to turn off a "reminder" function ... that kept reminding me to pay bills already scheduled to be
paid using the auto-pay function. 2005 did the same thing and it's not been fixed.

*You can turn off the product registration nag screen ... if you Google to find out how. Product does not have to be registered to use it.

* Un-reconciles accounts six months back every once in a while. I've been assuming that's being caused by a few bytes of bad data that occasionally comes from the financial institutions ... that the Quicken people have not properly coded so as to filter out. This bug also surfaced in 2005. Two weeks into 2008, I've seen it again already.

* You can't turn off the "free update/revision" nag screen unless you take the update. No such nag screen in 2005.

* When connecting, the completion screen used to show which accounts had new transactions to match and had convenient buttons next to each to take you directly to the account. Gone in 2008. Now I have to look through every account each time to see where transactions might have been retrieved.

* Icons everywhere attempting to peddle other unwanted Quicken products. One of the 'product improvements' in 2008.

* Doesn't handle stock distributions correctly (since they were not actually paid for); keeps generating error messages when you enter the correct posting of no cost incurred. Same problem in 2005.

* Tricky screens/checkboxes/prompts that try to bait you into using/enrolling for QuickenDot services when you don't have to or need to. Users that did so now post complaints they can't undo it and that the QuickenDot server is constantly down, causing problems/delays when trying to connect to other accounts using a one-step update.

Yet another company that's grown totally complacent about product quality while wallowing in its assured-for-the-moment revenue stream. It will bite them hard in the long-run. Postings indicate similar complaining regarding the major competitor product, Microsoft Money. If history is any lesson, there's no reason to suspect that these software products will ever get better under these conditions. Some other product will have to steal their customer base before they wake up and smell the coffee.

If you are not already committed to either of those two products, take a good long look at open source software such as GNU Cash.

[Update: April 15, 2008] Does now connect to Fidelity ... occasionally. When I opened the portfolio area today, the entire computer screen flashed with confusion and the product crashed. 2005 never once crashed. Still flashing but no subsequent crashes. Who knows what happened. Not me. Apparently not Quicken programmers either.

[Update: July 12, 2008] Connects to Fidelity now more or less on regular basis. Software still flashes/flickers routinely. Also slow to load, apparently trying to read every single record into RAM, regardless of age. Pop-up screen this morning stating "We've noticed you are not downloading your current Quicken Visa/MasterCard transactions, click here to ..." I don't have one. Obviously a deceptive come-on intended to trick users into the application process for a Quicken credit card. Nice. Still constantly beg-screens me to take the latest software update.

[Update: October 18, 2008] Just downloaded this week's financial transactions and Quicken wiped out four months of reconciliation on one of my credit cards ... again.

[Update: January 10, 2009] Tried to change the amount of an annual repeating payment. Refused to accept the change with the error message "You must make this change and sign on no later than six days before scheduled payment." Payment was set for April 4, 2009, almost three months in the future. I had to delete the payment, log on to make the deletion take effect, then enter the payment all over again for the new amount, then log on again to make that payment take effect. And when I tried to log on I rec'd an error message stating an Internet connection was not detected (a message I get rather often despite my always-on broadband). Luckily I can choose the "Ignore" button and it will go ahead and connect. Quicken programming staff = worthless carpetbaggers.

[Update: March 5, 2009] Wanted to stop an ongoing monthly repeating payment where the next scheduled payment was already in place in my register for March 27. I edited in a change for "how many times" from "unlimited" to "1." In other words, I wanted to pay on March 27 for the last time. When I logged on to the bank the first time, Quicken canceled the March 27 payment. Now doesn't that take the cake--Quicken accounting/finance software programmers are unable to count up to one. And, as all too often anymore, the screen went wacko while I was logging onto the bank.

[Update: March 8, 2009] Quicken just UNreconciled one of my credit cards (again) back to the October, 2008 close. Luckily, its a card I don't use much. I suppose this has something to do with Quicken software coders not understanding the start of Daylight Savings Time.

[Update: March 27, 2009] The repeating payment change I referred to at March 5, 2009? The saga continues. When I tried to enter the NEW repeating payment, it wouldn't take. I entered it, connected to the bank and nothing happened. The payment did not show in the list of repeating payments or in the register. I tried deleting the payee entirely to start over, but Quicken wouldn't/won't let me delete that payee at all. It claims it cannot be deleted because there is a repeating payment in effect ... that would be the payment that is ALREADY canceled. Which means I can't cancel it so I can't delete the payee. To set up the new payment I ended up having to create an entire new payee to make the new payment 'take.' I had to put a dash in the middle of the account number to create the new payee since Quicken won't allow two repeating payments with the exact same account number. And I am still stuck with the old payee on file which I cannot delete at all. I had to call the bank twice just to make sure the durn payment is actually going to be made on time ... and made only once ... and for the correct amount. You would think there would be a way to force deletion of a payee. Then again YOU are thinking, Quicken programmers on the other hand are off somewhere slurping down a latte.

[Update: April 2, 2009] Have an established monthly recurring payment of $[...] and would like to change it to $[...]. Enter the Online Center, click on Repeating. There it is. Click on it then select Edit. Change the amount from $[...] to $[...]. Save the change. Seems simple enough. Log on to the bank. Result: (1) Quicken cancels the next pending payment, on April 19, of $[...]. So far so good. (2) Quicken enters a pending payment into the checkbook register for $[...] dated May 19. Huh? What happened to my April payment? God only knows what will happen if I tinker with this recurring payment any further. I will write a paper check for one month ... and hope for the best. A[...]

[Update: July 14, 2009] Quicken is popping up a screen telling me I am overdue on a July 10 payment to a vendor for $[...]. The register shows the payment was made and cleared on July 10. And it's reminding me to schedule another future payment ... that's already scheduled. It's the same durn thing I was talking about in bullet # 2 at the top of the review, apparently it's a zombie bug that has now risen from the dead. Still begs me to take the Quicken software update constantly.

[Update: September 15, 2009] Quicken has suddenly started reminding me ... once again ... that certain bills are overdue, even though they've already been paid using the automatic monthly payment function. It asks me if I want to delete, pay or skip. I can only guess what havoc might occur if I delete or skip ... so I just keep waiting for the nag screen to eventually go away.

[Update: January 17, 2010] Repeating payment to my HOA increasing by four bucks a month. Learned already the hard way that if you change it by just increasing the payment, it doesn't take. So I first deleted the existing repeating payment entirely (but not the existing payee). Logged onto the bank. Deletion occurred properly. THEN I tried to create a new repeating payment (using the existing payee). Enter all the information - and nothing happens. Just like I never entered it at all. Rebooting, log on to the bank again, no change. So I created a new payee (with slightly different spellings for payee name and account number since those fields define the unique payee). Creation took place properly - after every desktop icon on screen flashed on and off screen for nearly a minute. Logged on to bank to let Quicken advise of new payee. THEN created new payment using the tweaked, new payee. Logged on again. More icon flashing in process. New repeating payment now appears in register. Although it has NOT always done so in the past, THIS TIME Quicken let me delete the old payee. For users that can't figure out these kinds of workarounds, the simple, everyday-routine, core process of adjusting the amount of a repeating payment simply doesn't work. It USED to work in older versions of Quicken, so I can only assume Quicken programmers spend their lazy afternoons destroying old code and functionality - instead of writing new code to fix known bugs.

[Update: January 26, 2010] The above described payment (at four bucks more) was made successfully to the HOA yesterday. In the Quicken Bill Reminder Tray it says I have FOUR payments missing - all to the HOA, all at the new 'four bucks more' amount, two of them due yesterday and two of them due today. As always when this tray incorrectly reports overdue payments, the tray's three choices are Enter, Edit and Skip. Which one would you dare use to try to get the stuff to disappear? If you choose Skip, will it take the payment back? Maybe in the mirror-image BizarroWorld that is Quicken software.

[Update: July 25, 2010] Used a certain credit card last month (that hadn't been used otherwise in about eight months). The account had been live and retrieving transactions without incident for years. The account password is saved in Quicken so that it can do so. But guess what, those new transactions did not retrieve after multiple log-ons (using Quicken's "one-step update" which logs on to all active accounts in a single pass). Quicken reflects the account as active for transaction retrieval, everything AOK. Quicken also reflects the connection took place with the account without error. If I didn't KNOW I had transactions not retrieved, I wouldn't have had the least idea there was an error. Not that Quicken would give me the least indication to do so, I went ahead and tried solving the error by re-running the account through the 'online initialization' process again. It worked. The transactions then retrieved normally. HOWEVER the NEXT time I tried to run through the logon/retrieval process, Quicken demanded I provide the account's password. That would be the very same password it had in storage to begin with - and that I JUST provided to Quicken a SECOND time when I did the re-initialization. Dumb, dumb, dumb. Also, after the re-initialization, I started getting a message that claims 'your last update attempt was not successful, do you want to re-try?" I figure that erroneous message will resolve itself after enough time has eroded since 'my last update attempt.'

[Update: August 8, 2010] I wanted to change the amount for a repeating payment (the equal pay plan for my utility bill was adjusted), so I used the `change' function. Kick me in the *** because (1) using the obviously correct approach in Quicken often means trouble and (2) I've tried this before and it's a major fail. I opened the repeating payment, changed the amount and clicked the OK button. As I was signing on, Quicken advised it would be changing the payment amount just exactly as I had entered it. Result: both payments, old and new, are in the register. I marked the old payment for deletion and re-connected to the bank. The bank generated an error message stating that the old payment had already been cancelled. I tried deleting the old payment from my register and it won't budge. It demands that I must log on in order to complete the deletion. As I just said, when I logged on the bank refused to recognize the deletion request.

OK. I have a new plan for opening a can of whoop@ss on Quicken's demons. I will delete the NEW payment, then delete the payee entirely. Then Quicken will HAVE to let go of the old payment, right? Then I will re-create the payee. I marked the new payment for deletion and logged on. It WAS deleted at both the bank AND in the Quicken register. But when I try to delete the payee, Quicken says "cannot delete payee for which there are repeating online payments scheduled." Go to the screen that lists all the repeating payments. Nothing there. Go back to the register. The old payment is still there. The old payment that refuses to be deleted until it yaks with the bank ... too bad the bank says it's already deleted and won't yak. Totally screwed by Quicken again.

Eventually I discover via Googling that Quicken has an undocumented save posted in their support blogs - to use CTRL to force the deletion of the old payment. It works. I suppose that's worth half-a-point. OK, now let's put the new payment back (like it was before I deleted it). I enter all the information, click OK. Nothing happens. Acts like I entered nothing at all. Try it three times, zippo. I look in the list of repeating payments. I look in the transactions pending for transmission. I look in the register. Nothing. Unfortunately I've been here before. This entire process has "imploded" the payee, making it unusable.  I'll have to create an entirely new payee. I go to delete the old payee. It won't let me. It STILL insists I have repeating payments outstanding against it. Whattaeffing piece of software cr@pola.

I already have two other old payees I can't delete that act just like this ... even though they haven't been involved any kind of payment in at least a year. Quicken says in that same support blog webpage that using the CTRL key also forces payee deletions. Wrong, wrong, wrong. Can't get rid of it. (You can see these kinds of problems also discussed earlier in this review.) I will have to put a space or something in the account number to create a brand new payee, since that account number has already been "used" and Quicken won't let me re-use it. And I am stuck with another old payee I can't delete.

Oh, and down in my tab titled "Scheduled Bills & Deposits Due" I still  (as described above) have listed FOUR TIMES my monthly HOA payment, as being overdue from 13 days ago. (It's a repeating monthly payment set up in Quicken months ago, and it was already paid on schedule.) The four listings are actually two pairs of amounts, each pair one day apart. All of these are artifacts from where I tried to adjust that repeating payment amount when I experienced an increase. The three choices are "enter" "edit" or "skip" I've learned to wait until well after the bill is actually paid, then enter "skip." Otherwise it may well try to pay twice. (I've already described this particular bug up above ... just a reminder, it never goes away.) Bottom line:  since about 2005, the Quicken product has become totally effed up.

I am now about six months now from the next cycle of Quicken's "sunset policy." Every three years, you have to pay for the Quicken upgrade or they cut off your ability to download transactions from your financial institutions (Quicken servers are the `middle man" between your software and the institutions). Maybe it's time to migrate to competing software product that works right, only has to be bought once ... and connects directly to my institution to collect unadulterated data!

[UPDATE: August 14, 2010] FREE AT LAST, FREE AT LAST !! After that last fiasco, I decided why invest more time trying to solve the Quicken problem ... when I could invest that time migrating to Moneydance 2010.

Moneydance, what a dream come True! And much less painful a migration that I imagined. Just buy the license at the website first, then download&install the product. Here's a couple of key points I learned (the hard way) that should make your migration run smooth as silk:

* Export the data from Quicken using the "all accounts' option (not one account at a time). I had to look for it but that choice WAS in the Quicken drop-down list.

* When importing IGNORE any advice Moneydance offers that you ought check the "Import account info only" option (ie, to import the structure/tables/fieldnames first, then to go back and re-do the procedure to get the data records). When I followed that advice, I had all sorts of screwy issues, records landing every which way. When I DID NOT check the box (in essence asking Moneydance to import everything in one fell swoop - both records & structure/tables/fieldnames for all of the Quicken accounts) everything dropped right into place, ready to roll. The only record that did not import correctly (and I had ten years of records over about fifteen accounts) was the "original transfer balance in" for one account.

After that I did have to do some minor clean-up for a while - entering stock symbols, entering the names I wanted to use for the accounts, other account details such as my credit card numbers. To make the stock prices update in real time (for some reason) you have to manually add-in two developer extensions. Easy to do (so long as you realize that you have to do it) and the user's guide explains how exactly. Quick and no glitches.

Moneydance swims slick as an eel. Downloading of records only takes three or four seconds at most. With Quicken it took a lot longer. Moneydance is connecting direct to the institution; Quicken is running you through its own server as an intermediary. I wouldn't be the least bit surprised to find that a lot of my earlier issues (such as missing or duplicate records) that I did NOT post in my reviews (since I did not attribute them to Quicken) turn out to disappear. Because they were being CAUSED by Quicken's intermediary server. We'll see.

The online banking download setup was easy, but there were the most minor of issues. Moneydance did not have any idea of course when the last download was done (with Quicken), so it retrieved all the available records at the institutions. (Be smart and bring your Quicken accounts and downloads totally current and as reconciled as possible BEFORE you export them.) Also, where I had multiple accounts at one institution, it got confused first go-round, mixing them all up - and changing the account numbers in the setup parameters. I just deleted all the downloaded records and went back and re-entered the correct account numbers. After adjusting that first 'initializing' download for each account, no problems.

I haven't started using the 'setup payments through Moneydance' feature yet. My bet it'll be easy.

Moneydance. Just do it.
When Quicken goes under, I'm going to wear a pink tuxedo to the funeral.

[These comments are based on my continuing nightmare of lousy experiences with Quicken Deluxe 2008. This software, which has been getting continually worse since 2002, couldn't have possibly improved since then ... ]

For me Quicken 2008 was a forced/hostage upgrade from Quicken 2005. You "have" to upgrade since they've cut a deal with the financial institutions to cut off your online access with the institutions if you don't upgrade every three years. Just as found when I was hostage upgraded in 2005 from 2002, there's nothing more than a cosmetic face-lift, no meaningful fixes/improvements -- but there's even more bugs, problems and aggravation.

* Product now will not connect properly to Fidelity; no problem under 2005.

* Took forever to figure out how to turn off a "reminder" function ... that kept reminding me to pay bills already scheduled to be paid using the auto-pay function. 2005 did the same thing and it's not been fixed.

*You can turn off the product registration nag screen ... if you Google to find out how. Product does not have to be registered to use it.

* Un-reconciles accounts six months back every once in a while. I've been assuming that's being caused by a few bytes of bad data that occasionally comes from the financial institutions ... that the Quicken people have not properly coded so as to filter out. This bug also surfaced in 2005. Two weeks into 2008, I've seen it again already.

* You can't turn off the "free update/revision" nag screen unless you take the update. No such nag screen in 2005.

* When connecting, the completion screen used to show which accounts had new transactions to match and had convenient buttons next to each to take you directly to the account. Gone in 2008. Now I have to look through every account each time to see where transactions might have been retrieved.

* Icons everywhere attempting to peddle other unwanted Quicken products. One of the 'product improvements' in 2008.

* Doesn't handle stock distributions correctly (since they were not actually paid for); keeps generating error messages when you enter the correct posting of no cost incurred. Same problem in 2005.

* Tricky screens/checkboxes/prompts that try to bait you into using/enrolling for QuickenDot services when you don't have to or need to. Users that did so now post complaints they can't undo it and that the QuickenDot server is constantly down, causing problems/delays when trying to connect to other accounts using a one-step update.

Yet another company that's grown totally complacent about product quality while wallowing in its assured-for-the-moment revenue stream. It will bite them hard in the long-run. Postings indicate similar complaining regarding the major competitor product, Microsoft Money. If history is any lesson, there's no reason to suspect that these software products will ever get better under these conditions. Some other product will have to steal their customer base before they wake up and smell the coffee.

If you are not already committed to either of those two products, take a good long look at open source software such as GNU Cash.

[Update: April 15, 2008] Does now connect to Fidelity ... occasionally. When I opened the portfolio area today, the entire computer screen flashed with confusion and the product crashed. 2005 never once crashed. Still flashing but no subsequent crashes. Who knows what happened. Not me. Apparently not Quicken programmers either.

[Update: July 12, 2008] Connects to Fidelity now more or less on regular basis. Software still flashes/flickers routinely. Also slow to load, apparently trying to read every single record into RAM, regardless of age. Pop-up screen this morning stating "We've noticed you are not downloading your current Quicken Visa/MasterCard transactions, click here to ..." I don't have one. Obviously a deceptive come-on intended to trick users into the application process for a Quicken credit card. Nice. Still constantly beg-screens me to take the latest software update.

[Update: October 18, 2008] Just downloaded this week's financial transactions and Quicken wiped out four months of reconciliation on one of my credit cards ... again.

[Update: January 10, 2009] Tried to change the amount of an annual repeating payment. Refused to accept the change with the error message "You must make this change and sign on no later than six days before scheduled payment." Payment was set for April 4, 2009, almost three months in the future. I had to delete the payment, log on to make the deletion take effect, then enter the payment all over again for the new amount, then log on again to make that payment take effect. And when I tried to log on I rec'd an error message stating an Internet connection was not detected (a message I get rather often despite my always-on broadband). Luckily I can choose the "Ignore" button and it will go ahead and connect. Quicken programming staff = worthless carpetbaggers.

[Update: March 5, 2009] Wanted to stop an ongoing monthly repeating payment where the next scheduled payment was already in place in my register for March 27. I edited in a change for "how many times" from "unlimited" to "1." In other words, I wanted to pay on March 27 for the last time. When I logged on to the bank the first time, Quicken canceled the March 27 payment. Now doesn't that take the cake--Quicken accounting/finance software programmers are unable to count up to one. And, as all too often anymore, the screen went wacko while I was logging onto the bank.

[Update: March 8, 2009] Quicken just UNreconciled one of my credit cards (again) back to the October, 2008 close. Luckily, its a card I don't use much. I suppose this has something to do with Quicken software coders not understanding the start of Daylight Savings Time.

[Update: March 27, 2009] The repeating payment change I referred to at March 5, 2009? The saga continues. When I tried to enter the NEW repeating payment, it wouldn't take. I entered it, connected to the bank and nothing happened. The payment did not show in the list of repeating payments or in the register. I tried deleting the payee entirely to start over, but Quicken wouldn't/won't let me delete that payee at all. It claims it cannot be deleted because there is a repeating payment in effect ... that would be the payment that is ALREADY canceled. Which means I can't cancel it so I can't delete the payee. To set up the new payment I ended up having to create an entire new payee to make the new payment 'take.' I had to put a dash in the middle of the account number to create the new payee since Quicken won't allow two repeating payments with the exact same account number. And I am still stuck with the old payee on file which I cannot delete at all. I had to call the bank twice just to make sure the durn payment is actually going to be made on time ... and made only once ... and for the correct amount. You would think there would be a way to force deletion of a payee. Then again YOU are thinking, Quicken programmers on the other hand are off somewhere slurping down a latte.

[Update: April 2, 2009] Have an established monthly recurring payment of $[...] and would like to change it to $[...]. Enter the Online Center, click on Repeating. There it is. Click on it then select Edit. Change the amount from $[...] to $[...]. Save the change. Seems simple enough. Log on to the bank. Result: (1) Quicken cancels the next pending payment, on April 19, of $[...]. So far so good. (2) Quicken enters a pending payment into the checkbook register for $[...] dated May 19. Huh? What happened to my April payment? God only knows what will happen if I tinker with this recurring payment any further. I will write a paper check for one month ... and hope for the best. A[...]

[Update: July 14, 2009] Quicken is popping up a screen telling me I am overdue on a July 10 payment to a vendor for $[...]. The register shows the payment was made and cleared on July 10. And it's reminding me to schedule another future payment ... that's already scheduled. It's the same durn thing I was talking about in bullet # 2 at the top of the review, apparently it's a zombie bug that has now risen from the dead. Still begs me to take the Quicken software update constantly.

[Update: September 15, 2009] Quicken has suddenly started reminding me ... once again ... that certain bills are overdue, even though they've already been paid using the automatic monthly payment function. It asks me if I want to delete, pay or skip. I can only guess what havoc might occur if I delete or skip ... so I just keep waiting for the nag screen to eventually go away.

[Update: January 17, 2010] Repeating payment to my HOA increasing by four bucks a month. Learned already the hard way that if you change it by just increasing the payment, it doesn't take. So I first deleted the existing repeating payment entirely (but not the existing payee). Logged onto the bank. Deletion occurred properly. THEN I tried to create a new repeating payment (using the existing payee). Enter all the information - and nothing happens. Just like I never entered it at all. Rebooting, log on to the bank again, no change. So I created a new payee (with slightly different spellings for payee name and account number since those fields define the unique payee). Creation took place properly - after every desktop icon on screen flashed on and off screen for nearly a minute. Logged on to bank to let Quicken advise of new payee. THEN created new payment using the tweaked, new payee. Logged on again. More icon flashing in process. New repeating payment now appears in register. Although it has NOT always done so in the past, THIS TIME Quicken let me delete the old payee. For users that can't figure out these kinds of workarounds, the simple, everyday-routine, core process of adjusting the amount of a repeating payment simply doesn't work. It USED to work in older versions of Quicken, so I can only assume Quicken programmers spend their lazy afternoons destroying old code and functionality - instead of writing new code to fix known bugs.

[Update: January 26, 2010] The above described payment (at four bucks more) was made successfully to the HOA yesterday. In the Quicken Bill Reminder Tray it says I have FOUR payments missing - all to the HOA, all at the new 'four bucks more' amount, two of them due yesterday and two of them due today. As always when this tray incorrectly reports overdue payments, the tray's three choices are Enter, Edit and Skip. Which one would you dare use to try to get the stuff to disappear? If you choose Skip, will it take the payment back? Maybe in the mirror-image BizarroWorld that is Quicken software.

[Update: July 25, 2010] Used a certain credit card last month (that hadn't been used otherwise in about eight months). The account had been live and retrieving transactions without incident for years. The account password is saved in Quicken so that it can do so. But guess what, those new transactions did not retrieve after multiple log-ons (using Quicken's "one-step update" which logs on to all active accounts in a single pass). Quicken reflects the account as active for transaction retrieval, everything AOK. Quicken also reflects the connection took place with the account without error. If I didn't KNOW I had transactions not retrieved, I wouldn't have had the least idea there was an error. Not that Quicken would give me the least indication to do so, I went ahead and tried solving the error by re-running the account through the 'online initialization' process again. It worked. The transactions then retrieved normally. HOWEVER the NEXT time I tried to run through the logon/retrieval process, Quicken demanded I provide the account's password. That would be the very same password it had in storage to begin with - and that I JUST provided to Quicken a SECOND time when I did the re-initialization. Dumb, dumb, dumb. Also, after the re-initialization, I started getting a message that claims 'your last update attempt was not successful, do you want to re-try?" I figure that erroneous message will resolve itself after enough time has eroded since 'my last update attempt.'

[Update: August 8, 2010] I wanted to change the amount for a repeating payment (the equal pay plan for my utility bill was adjusted), so I used the `change' function. Kick me in the *** because (1) using the obviously correct approach in Quicken often means trouble and (2) I've tried this before and it's a major fail. I opened the repeating payment, changed the amount and clicked the OK button. As I was signing on, Quicken advised it would be changing the payment amount just exactly as I had entered it. Result: both payments, old and new, are in the register. I marked the old payment for deletion and re-connected to the bank. The bank generated an error message stating that the old payment had already been cancelled. I tried deleting the old payment from my register and it won't budge. It demands that I must log on in order to complete the deletion. As I just said, when I logged on the bank refused to recognize the deletion request.

OK. I have a new plan for opening a can of whoop@ss on Quicken's demons. I will delete the NEW payment, then delete the payee entirely. Then Quicken will HAVE to let go of the old payment, right? Then I will re-create the payee. I marked the new payment for deletion and logged on. It WAS deleted at both the bank AND in the Quicken register. But when I try to delete the payee, Quicken says "cannot delete payee for which there are repeating online payments scheduled." Go to the screen that lists all the repeating payments. Nothing there. Go back to the register. The old payment is still there. The old payment that refuses to be deleted until it yaks with the bank ... too bad the bank says it's already deleted and won't yak. Totally screwed by Quicken again.

Eventually I discover via Googling that Quicken has an undocumented save posted in their support blogs - to use CTRL to force the deletion of the old payment. It works. I suppose that's worth half-a-point. OK, now let's put the new payment back (like it was before I deleted it). I enter all the information, click OK. Nothing happens. Acts like I entered nothing at all. Try it three times, zippo. I look in the list of repeating payments. I look in the transactions pending for transmission. I look in the register. Nothing. Unfortunately I've been here before. This entire process has "imploded" the payee, making it unusable.  I'll have to create an entirely new payee. I go to delete the old payee. It won't let me. It STILL insists I have repeating payments outstanding against it. Whattaeffing piece of software cr@pola.

I already have two other old payees I can't delete that act just like this ... even though they haven't been involved any kind of payment in at least a year. Quicken says in that same support blog webpage that using the CTRL key also forces payee deletions. Wrong, wrong, wrong. Can't get rid of it. (You can see these kinds of problems also discussed earlier in this review.) I will have to put a space or something in the account number to create a brand new payee, since that account number has already been "used" and Quicken won't let me re-use it. And I am stuck with another old payee I can't delete.

Oh, and down in my tab titled "Scheduled Bills & Deposits Due" I still  (as described above) have listed FOUR TIMES my monthly HOA payment, as being overdue from 13 days ago. (It's a repeating monthly payment set up in Quicken months ago, and it was already paid on schedule.) The four listings are actually two pairs of amounts, each pair one day apart. All of these are artifacts from where I tried to adjust that repeating payment amount when I experienced an increase. The three choices are "enter" "edit" or "skip" I've learned to wait until well after the bill is actually paid, then enter "skip." Otherwise it may well try to pay twice. (I've already described this particular bug up above ... just a reminder, it never goes away.) Bottom line:  since about 2005, the Quicken product has become totally effed up.

I am now about six months now from the next cycle of Quicken's "sunset policy." Every three years, you have to pay for the Quicken upgrade or they cut off your ability to download transactions from your financial institutions (Quicken servers are the `middle man" between your software and the institutions). Maybe it's time to migrate to competing software product that works right, only has to be bought once ... and connects directly to my institution to collect unadulterated data!

[UPDATE: August 14, 2010] FREE AT LAST, FREE AT LAST !! After that last fiasco, I decided why invest more time trying to solve the Quicken problem ... when I could invest that time migrating to Moneydance 2010.

Moneydance, what a dream come True! And much less painful a migration that I imagined. Just buy the license at the website first, then download&install the product. Here's a couple of key points I learned (the hard way) that should make your migration run smooth as silk:

* Export the data from Quicken using the "all accounts' option (not one account at a time). I had to look for it but that choice WAS in the Quicken drop-down list.

* When importing IGNORE any advice Moneydance offers that you ought check the "Import account info only" option (ie, to import the structure/tables/fieldnames first, then to go back and re-do the procedure to get the data records). When I followed that advice, I had all sorts of screwy issues, records landing every which way. When I DID NOT check the box (in essence asking Moneydance to import everything in one fell swoop - both records & structure/tables/fieldnames for all of the Quicken accounts) everything dropped right into place, ready to roll. The only record that did not import correctly (and I had ten years of records over about fifteen accounts) was the "original transfer balance in" for one account.

After that I did have to do some minor clean-up for a while - entering stock symbols, entering the names I wanted to use for the accounts, other account details such as my credit card numbers. To make the stock prices update in real time (for some reason) you have to manually add-in two developer extensions. Easy to do (so long as you realize that you have to do it) and the user's guide explains how exactly. Quick and no glitches.

Moneydance swims slick as an eel. Downloading of records only takes three or four seconds at most. With Quicken it took a lot longer. Moneydance is connecting direct to the institution; Quicken is running you through its own server as an intermediary. I wouldn't be the least bit surprised to find that a lot of my earlier issues (such as missing or duplicate records) that I did NOT post in my reviews (since I did not attribute them to Quicken) turn out to disappear. Because they were being CAUSED by Quicken's intermediary server. We'll see.

The online banking download setup was easy, but there were the most minor of issues. Moneydance did not have any idea of course when the last download was done (with Quicken), so it retrieved all the available records at the institutions. (Be smart and bring your Quicken accounts and downloads totally current and as reconciled as possible BEFORE you export them.) Also, where I had multiple accounts at one institution, it got confused first go-round, mixing them all up - and changing the account numbers in the setup parameters. I just deleted all the downloaded records and went back and re-entered the correct account numbers. After adjusting that first 'initializing' download for each account, no problems.

I haven't started using the 'setup payments through Moneydance' feature yet. My bet it'll be easy.

Moneydance. Just do it.
Quicken: Welcome to Quicken chat support. My name is Quicken. Please give me a moment while I review the info you provided.
 Quicken: Hi Me, how are you doing today?
 Me: Fine
 Quicken: Per my understanding, you get the wrong opening balance after download transaction from your bank. Right?
 Me: Yes
 Me: Not my bank but credit cards
 Me: Once I accept the transactions I end up with a huge credit all the way back to the opening balance
 Quicken: Check to see if you already have the latest update. Choose About Quicken from Quicken's Help menu, located near the top of the Quicken screen. If you see Release R5 below the Quicken logo, your program is already up to date.
 Me: I have R 5
 Quicken: Okay.
 Quicken: We need to test the issue in a new data file to find the root cause.

The steps to create a new data file are:

1) Please Open Quicken.
2) Go to the "File" menu >> "New" >> "New Quicken File". Click OK.
3) Name the file as "Test" and save it on the desktop.
4) Go to the "File" menu >> "New" >> "New Quicken Account". Click OK
5) Please select the bank in question, create a new account with the same account type as in the original file, and activate it.
 Quicken: Once you create a new file, please check the same issue in new file.
 Me: Ok, but it isn't one financial institution. It's all of my credit card accounts that do this
 Quicken: You mean to say that you are facing this issue with all your credit card account. Right?
 Me: Accounts, yes. I did what you requested and I got the correct balance after accepting the transactions.
 Quicken: You mean that you got the correct balance in new file. Right?
 Me: yes
 Quicken: Since when you are facing this issue in your original file?
 Me: Since upgrading to 2010 today
 Quicken: Ok.
 Quicken: If you get the incorrect opening balance only so you can manually change it.
 Me: Are you saying I did it and not the program? Because that is not the case
 Quicken: I would suggest you to please open you backup file which is not being converted yet.
 Me: Are you talking about restoring the backup file from yesterday, before the upgrade?
 Quicken: Yes.
 Me: The file has been restored and is converting. This will be my 3rd attempt
 Me: Ok, the file has been converted
 Quicken: Please check the same issue.
 Me: Instead of using one step update I'll just try updating one account
 Me: Here's what happened...
 Me: I downloaded the transactions for one of my credit cards. There were 2 transactions totaling 173.62 to accept. I selected Accept All. My account balance went from -245.25 to 27,023.59.
 Quicken: You should not have selected Accept All.
 Quicken: You should have accepted only those two transaction.
 Quicken: Now, you can manually match the transaction in your account register or you can delete all the transaction and re-download it.
 Me: If I do that then I lose the history
 Quicken: That might be causing the issue if you select Accept All.
 Me: I always use Accept All. By doing that I am accepting the two transactions. They were the only two listed. My opening balance went from 0 to 27442.46.
 Quicken: You can manually check the transaction.
 Me: I should be able to use Accept All. I have been doing that for years. This is bug with the software and I am not going to go in and manually tweak everything I have done over the years
 Quicken: Once you get all the transaction at the bottom of your window. You would get a lot of transaction there. If you select Accept all, it means all the transaction get entered into the  account register.
 Me: Yes, all 2 of the transactions which total 173.62.
 Me: Why was the opening balance changed?
 Quicken: Its changes due to the transaction you accepted. You click on Accept All.
 Me: By clicking on Accept All, I am accepting the 2 transactions. I have been doing this for years and I have never had my balance change. I would like to speak to someone who knows how this works. You are wasting my time.
 Quicken: You can manually enter the right balance if it is changed.
 Me: So I need to go account by account and write down the opening balance and update my transactions and readjust the opening balance. That will take a long time. This program has taken a huge step backwards since 2007. I really like the way you try to make it my fault too. That's real customer service. Thanks.
 You have disconnected.
________________________________________
[These comments are based on my continuing nightmare of lousy experiences with Quicken Deluxe 2008. This software, which has been getting continually worse since 2002, couldn't have possibly improved since then ... ]

For me Quicken 2008 was a forced/hostage upgrade from Quicken 2005. You "have" to upgrade since they've cut a deal with the financial institutions to cut off your online access with the institutions if you don't upgrade every three years. Just as found when I was hostage upgraded in 2005 from 2002, there's nothing more than a cosmetic face-lift, no meaningful fixes/improvements -- but there's even more bugs, problems and aggravation.

* Product now will not connect properly to Fidelity; no problem under 2005.

* Took forever to figure out how to turn off a "reminder" function ... that kept reminding me to pay bills already scheduled to be paid using the auto-pay function. 2005 did the same thing and it's not been fixed.

*You can turn off the product registration nag screen ... if you Google to find out how. Product does not have to be registered to use it.

* Un-reconciles accounts six months back every once in a while. I've been assuming that's being caused by a few bytes of bad data that occasionally comes from the financial institutions ... that the Quicken people have not properly coded so as to filter out. This bug also surfaced in 2005. Two weeks into 2008, I've seen it again already.

* You can't turn off the "free update/revision" nag screen unless you take the update. No such nag screen in 2005.

* When connecting, the completion screen used to show which accounts had new transactions to match and had convenient buttons next to each to take you directly to the account. Gone in 2008. Now I have to look through every account each time to see where transactions might have been retrieved.

* Icons everywhere attempting to peddle other unwanted Quicken products. One of the 'product improvements' in 2008.

* Doesn't handle stock distributions correctly (since they were not actually paid for); keeps generating error messages when you enter the correct posting of no cost incurred. Same problem in 2005.

* Tricky screens/checkboxes/prompts that try to bait you into using/enrolling for QuickenDot services when you don't have to or need to. Users that did so now post complaints they can't undo it and that the QuickenDot server is constantly down, causing problems/delays when trying to connect to other accounts using a one-step update.

Yet another company that's grown totally complacent about product quality while wallowing in its assured-for-the-moment revenue stream. It will bite them hard in the long-run. Postings indicate similar complaining regarding the major competitor product, Microsoft Money. If history is any lesson, there's no reason to suspect that these software products will ever get better under these conditions. Some other product will have to steal their customer base before they wake up and smell the coffee.

If you are not already committed to either of those two products, take a good long look at open source software such as GNU Cash.

[Update: April 15, 2008] Does now connect to Fidelity ... occasionally. When I opened the portfolio area today, the entire computer screen flashed with confusion and the product crashed. 2005 never once crashed. Still flashing but no subsequent crashes. Who knows what happened. Not me. Apparently not Quicken programmers either.

[Update: July 12, 2008] Connects to Fidelity now more or less on regular basis. Software still flashes/flickers routinely. Also slow to load, apparently trying to read every single record into RAM, regardless of age. Pop-up screen this morning stating "We've noticed you are not downloading your current Quicken Visa/MasterCard transactions, click here to ..." I don't have one. Obviously a deceptive come-on intended to trick users into the application process for a Quicken credit card. Nice. Still constantly beg-screens me to take the latest software update.

[Update: October 18, 2008] Just downloaded this week's financial transactions and Quicken wiped out four months of reconciliation on one of my credit cards ... again.

[Update: January 10, 2009] Tried to change the amount of an annual repeating payment. Refused to accept the change with the error message "You must make this change and sign on no later than six days before scheduled payment." Payment was set for April 4, 2009, almost three months in the future. I had to delete the payment, log on to make the deletion take effect, then enter the payment all over again for the new amount, then log on again to make that payment take effect. And when I tried to log on I rec'd an error message stating an Internet connection was not detected (a message I get rather often despite my always-on broadband). Luckily I can choose the "Ignore" button and it will go ahead and connect. Quicken programming staff = worthless carpetbaggers.

[Update: March 5, 2009] Wanted to stop an ongoing monthly repeating payment where the next scheduled payment was already in place in my register for March 27. I edited in a change for "how many times" from "unlimited" to "1." In other words, I wanted to pay on March 27 for the last time. When I logged on to the bank the first time, Quicken canceled the March 27 payment.  Now doesn't that take the cake--Quicken accounting/finance software programmers are unable to count up to one. And, as all too often anymore, the screen went wacko while I was logging onto the bank.

[Update: March 8, 2009] Quicken just UNreconciled one of my credit cards (again) back to the October, 2008 close. Luckily, its a card I don't use much. I suppose this has something to do with Quicken software coders not understanding the start of Daylight Savings Time.

[Update: March 27, 2009] The repeating payment change I referred to at March 5, 2009? The saga continues. When I tried to enter the NEW repeating payment, it wouldn't take. I entered it, connected to the bank and nothing happened. The payment did not show in the list of repeating payments or in the register. I tried deleting the payee entirely to start over, but Quicken wouldn't/won't let me delete that payee at all. It claims it cannot be deleted because there is a repeating payment in effect ... that would be the payment that is ALREADY canceled. Which means I can't cancel it so I can't delete the payee. To set up the new payment I ended up having to create an entire new payee to make the new payment 'take.' I had to put a dash in the middle of the account number to create the new payee since Quicken won't allow two repeating payments with the exact same account number. And I am still stuck with the old payee on file which I cannot delete at all. I had to call the bank twice just to make sure the durn payment is actually going to be made on time ... and made only once ... and for the correct amount. You would think there would be a way to force deletion of a payee. Then again YOU are thinking, Quicken programmers on the other hand are off somewhere slurping down a latte.

[Update: April 2, 2009] Have an established monthly recurring payment of $[...] and would like to change it to $[...]. Enter the Online Center, click on Repeating. There it is. Click on it then select Edit. Change the amount from $[...] to $[...]. Save the change. Seems simple enough. Log on to the bank. Result: (1) Quicken cancels the next pending payment, on April 19, of $[...]. So far so good. (2) Quicken enters a pending payment into the checkbook register for $[...] dated May 19. Huh? What happened to my April payment? God only knows what will happen if I tinker with this recurring payment any further. I will write a paper check for one month ... and hope for the best. A[...]

[Update: July 14, 2009] Quicken is popping up a screen telling me I am overdue on a July 10 payment to a vendor for $[...]. The register shows the payment was made and cleared on July 10. And it's reminding me to schedule another future payment ... that's already scheduled. It's the same durn thing I was talking about in bullet # 2 at the top of the review, apparently it's a zombie bug that has now risen from the dead. Still begs me to take the Quicken software update constantly.

[Update: September 15, 2009] Quicken has suddenly started reminding me ... once again ... that certain bills are overdue, even though they've already been paid using the automatic monthly payment function. It asks me if I want to delete, pay or skip. I can only guess what havoc might occur if I delete or skip ... so I just keep waiting for the nag screen to eventually go away.

When Quicken goes under, I'm going to wear a pink tuxedo to the funeral.

NOTE: I have posted a copy of this review under "Quicken 2010 Deluxe" and I will add any further comments and updates to that post.]
I have upgreaded to the newer version of Quicken every other year since 2003 - each release was pretty simple and easy to follow the on screen prompts so I expected nothing less from this upgrade - boy was I wrong!!!!  THe first time I went to reconcile my checking account all the balances were wrong. The previous balance from my last reconciled bank statement was wrong so I just entered the correct amount - it would not take that amount and kept bringing up the wrong balance - been trying to resolve this and found all the other problems users are having. DO NOT BUY 2013 !!!! Keep 2011 and wait until they get thier act together - anyone know the best way to get help from Intuit??? Still struggling with the problem.

UPDATE:
I just got off the chat line with Intuit..... here is the relevant part of the chat where they tell me I have two options.... go back and "unreconcile" my account until I get a good balance (and I must do this for every account I have since I can't know for sure what transactions were dropped) or option two, go back to my 2011 version and find the last backup file and make sure it does not have missing transactions ( basically reconcile it again to mek sure it all balances) then go through the 2013 data file conversion AGAIN and see it that works !!! Isn't that what casued the problems the last time??? Of course Intuit would not say it was a bug in the software (see the chat) they said they had "some issues" with the data file - nice.... come on Intuit, step up the problems and do a full product recall - I can;t believe you are putting our personall finance files in jepordy without warning us of the potential risk we are taking. I hope the IRS will allow us to claim any errors in our records on Intuit's lack of professionalism and lack of customer concern.

Bruce Wilkinson:
no I can not see the missing transactions
Anil: Are you not able to download these missing transactions from your bank or you had downloaded these transactions earlier but not able to see in Quicken now?
Bruce Wilkinson:
I had downloaded them previously in the 2011 version of Quicken - now they are missing and they are no longer avalaible from the bank - the download process thinks I already have these transaction so it is not downloading them - why did the converstion process loss my transactions???
Anil: Please open your latest backup data file and then check your issue
Anil: Go to File>>>File Operation>>>Find Quicken files
Bruce Wilkinson:
my backup file before the conversation to 2013 or the lasted one I have which I know still had the problem??
Anil: When did you install Quicken 2013 program?
Bruce Wilkinson:
Not sure - is there a way to tell???
Anil: Go to File>>>File Operation>>>Find Quicken files
Anil: Here you can see all the backup files
Bruce Wilkinson:
I have 122 - how can I tell whteher it is a 2013 file or a 2011 file?
Anil: Please open the 3-4 days old backup data file
Anil: Are you able to open the backup data files?
Bruce Wilkinson:
something wierd.... My current quicken file shows a date modified of 4/6/2016 yet I just downloaded data this morning??? why is the date off?
File attachment upload has started.
Anil: You are using IE9, so you can not upload any print screen on this chat with IE9.
Anil: You are using IE9, so you can not upload the log files on this chat with IE9.
Anil: Are you able to open the backup data files?
Bruce Wilkinson:
it says I cant restore this file because it is currently in use???
Anil: Open more old backup data file
Bruce Wilkinson:
it is aking me if I want to overwrite or create a copy.....
Bruce Wilkinson: it is saying... This file looks like a backup of your currently open file. What would you like to do?
Bruce Wilkinson:
Do I create a copy?
Anil: Yes
Bruce Wilkinson:
File restored successfully..
Anil: Good
Anil: Now check your issue in this data file
Bruce Wilkinson:
I looks like some of the transactions are back but the balances are still wrong...
Anil: In this case I would suggest you to un reconcile your account until you don't see the correct balance and then get your bank paper statement, manually match your register transactions with your bank paper statement
Bruce Wilkinson:
Are you kidding........ this goes back to 2006 - I am to unreconcile this and check every transaction for the last 7 years???!!!
Anil: You have to un reconcile the account to up to last correct ending balance date not the whole account register
Bruce Wilkinson:
how do I unreconcile?
Anil: Hold download the Shift key on your Keyboard and then Select the First transaction in the account register and then last transaction It will highlighted all the transactions from your account register and then right click on it >>>Reconcile>>>Not reconciled
Bruce Wilkinson:
is there a way for me to go back to 2011...... this is a ton of work and my data is still suspect?
Anil: Sure
Anil: You can uninstall the Quicken 2013 program.
Anil: Reinstall the Quicken 2011 program
Anil: Then open the backup data file from QW11 folder
Anil: Then copy and validate the data file in Quicken 2011 program and then check your accounts that it shows the correct balance or not
Anil: Then reinstall the Quicken 2013 program and convert that validated file
Bruce Wilkinson:
What happened during my converstion to 2013 - was there a bug in 2013 that messed up my data file?? How do I know what other accounts may be messed up I have over 11 accounts in Quicken - do I need to go back to 2007 and check each one to make sure the data i right?
Anil: Its not bug in Quicken program
Bruce Wilkinson:
You have 12 revisions and you are telling my it is my fault and not a bug in Quicken - seriously?
Bruce Wilkinson:
Why are the forums full of this kind of stuff?
Anil: There is some issue with the data file
Anil: So you have two options to fix this issue
Anil: Please always copy and validate the data file in the exiting version of computer before converting the file in current version of progra,
Anil: program
Bruce Wilkinson:
OH... it is "some issue" not a bug... ok, if that helps you sleep at night.... OK, I have the two options, review every account and "unreconcile" each and everyone back to find out a good balance or go back to 2011 and open a known 2011 good backup... then you think when I convert to 2013 this time it will NOT have "some issue" with the converted data file since I am on rev 12?
Anil: Yes, you are correct you can go with any option
I've upgraded from 2012.  This version has more institutions with automatic transaction downloads and an interface to Morningstar. Unfortunately the automated transaction download is hobbled by multiple bugs that have required manual workarounds.  If you have a variety of account types from different financial institutions, expect that working around these bugs will cost you significant time if you update to Quicken 2015.

I've used Quicken for over 15 years. It  has many extremely useful features--automated transaction downloads from most major institutions, ease of getting reports and account balances, and a reconciliation tool.

The overall features--if they worked more flawlessly and had more ways of working around bugs and changes---would get it five stars. It is dropped to two due to some severe bugs without convenient workarounds--namely the ability to easily do mass imports and corrections and easily merge accounts into a single account.

In the most major bug, I set up my Everbank accounts for automated transaction download (previously only one of them was on the manual web-connect download). The system renamed one of my Everbank accounts and deleted another.  Unfortunately I found out about the deletion after making a bunch of manual entries to update another account. Make sure you backup your file before changing your online downloads!

A second pattern is that Quicken's online download will miss transactions for no reason. There is a workaround for this--you can reset the "starting date" for the account if this persists; however if you don't notice this problem in time you may have to manually track down and update the transactions. Also having to hunt down and execute a workaround is a unacceptable. This has happened involving both a brokerage account and a bank with savings and checking accounts.

With yet a fourth institution, it stopped downloading my credit card transactions and instead had an error message. Trying to "reset" the online setup using Quicken's instructions provided by the error handling popups caused Quicken to freeze until I killed it with task manager. I tried the "reset" multiple times; each time Quicken froze and had to be killed. Finally, I was able to restore the automated download by  deactivating and reactivating the online download for the account. This will cause both already cleared and reconciled as well as new positions to be downloaded; get ready for more manual cleanup work.

Another annoyance is that Quicken provides no way of recovering individual account information from a backup or other source and importing into bank or brokerage accounts. You can export account transactions and import them into an asset account and try a "mass copy" into a bank account.

The Morningstar interface is useful; however it would be more useful if it showed you dollar values.
As my version of Quicken 2011 H&B has a) suddenly stopped connecting with my bank and downloading transactions again and b) will be sunset next year anyway due to Quicken policy, I decided to give 2014 a try, so far the problems are as follows:
1. Still cannot print an invoice to printer or PDF if it has a logo, tried every suggestion on 2011 and every suggestion again on 2014 and still does not work. You would think after many years and multiple new releases they would have fixed this basic functionality for the business section. Also in addition while trying to print invoices with a logo the program froze solid multiple times and I had to do the three finger control, alt delete to bring up task manager and kill the program. I was hoping to switch to H&B rather than upgrade QuickBooks for my business but H&B just does not seem professional enough
2. The upgrade appeared to go smoothly however, the first message after the update and file conversion was that the program could not open the data file, finally did open the file from the File Open menu and seems to be OK so far.
3. So far I have not noticed much in the way of new or improved functions, the program is already on release 2 one day after release.
4. Cannot vouch whether the banking connection is fixed as I had already downloaded the file directly from the bank site and updated the 2011 data file (and backed it up) prior to the upgrade so there were no new transactions to download, will check tomorrow and update the review.
All in all not much different than the 2011 H&B from my usage standpoint

Update 9-27-13
Tried the bank Express Web Connect today and it did not download the new transactions even though it showed as connecting with the bank, I went to the account settings and used the new reset button feature to reset the online banking connection. Net result after that was that the accounts a) still did not download transactions, b) the program created 4 new temp accounts and the one step update now showed 9 accounts connected, and still did not download new transactions. I deactivated all the accounts and decided to download the transactions file directly from the bank web site and now the program would not import the transactions into the program. After a restore from a backup prior to the use of the reset function I could at least import the file from the bank site to make the program useable.
Net result of all this is that the program seems to be going backwards on the basic functions.

Update 2 9-28-13
With new transactions available in my bank accounts I tried the express web connect one step update function and just like my previous version (Quicken H&B 2011) the process completes with no error messages but does not download the new transactions. This all worked on the previous version until about a month ago, I can download the quicken file from the bank and import into the program and get the new transactions but the express web connect function is NOT working.
At this rate the program is NOT worth the upgrade and I have reduced my rating.

Update 3 10-2-13
Talked to customer service about the inability to download transactions from the account update or OSU selections and tried every suggestion on the Quicken support pages with no change in the problem and no error messages, this was all working fine on H&B 2011 about a month ago and I suspect a Quicken problem with the data as it goes through the whole connecting dialog just does not download new transactions. I finally tried a new approach, first I deactivated all accounts, then I exited Quicken and restarted, I then changed my login ID and password on the bank web site and set up OSU in Quicken. The accounts all showed up and I linked them to the existing accounts and viola the program connected and downloaded the new transactions. At this time (fingers crossed) OSU seems to be working. I downloaded the iOS app for 2014 yesterday and this appears to be working OK however it does not sync the investment accounts which the app for Mint does, it also says no budgets are set up which is not the case. So far though it all seems to be working.
UPDATE !!!!!!!! 11-28-13
Just wasted an entire day sorting out a problem with Quicken where the online totals from the bank were off from the quicken totals, turned out to be a problem with the cloud sync where it indicated differences with the mobile sync and recommended actions (ignore or delete), I chose the recommended action and it screwed up the entire register by adding and deleting transactions that had been previously reconciled, register was off by over $1000!! I had to go back a year and work my way forward to find the error and eventualy ended up restoring a 5 week old backup and redownloading transactions. Tried reloading the cloud data from the Quicken mobile page with the same result and ended up deleting cloud sync entirely. From  a web search this is not an uncommon problem so I plan to stay away from the cloud/mobile feature and have deleted the mobile app. My bank mobile app along with mint gives me all the mobile alerts and banking features I need and does not screw up the basic quicken program which seems to work OK.
Last week, as I was using Quicken 2008, I get an announcement from Quicken that by April 2011, if I haven't upgraded to Quicken 2011, it'll stop doing online updates. That sounded serious, so I bought Quicken 2011 and installed it. But once installed, both my bank Accounts and my credit card account stopped updating. They were updating fine with Q2008; now Q2011 would do an online update, download, then refuse the downloaded transactions as "unaccepted". I was unable to deal with my bank accounts or my credit card. Now I wouldn't know anymore what charges or payments were posted to my credit card, what deposits or payments made by my bank account; I'd have to start writing checks manually and mailing them via USPS. Not only did Quicken stiff me for the $50 price of the update, it then deprived me of the use of my online accounts.

  I uninstalled Q2011 and re-installed Q2008 (I had saved the 2008 data, because Q2011 also transmogrifies that into a different non-backwards-compatible format). Didn't work, I suspect because Quicken did something in the Windows Registry to disallow the downloaded transactions even under Q2008.

So I had to restore my entire computer installation (my entire Disk C) to the last Acronis backup I did a month ago, then tried again with the restored Q2008; this time it worked like it used to. So this proves that Q2011 makes some permanent notations in the Registry (or somewhere) and then certain financial institutions (which, I assume, didn't pay Quicken to upgrade to the latest 2011 server software) are tagged to no longer download "acceptable" transactions.

I've been using Quicken since the early 1990s, and until now all updates always worked smoothly. But this time, what they did, is plain outrageous. And I'm still out the $50 for that Q2011 that I had to junk.
Last week, as I was using Quicken 2008, I get an announcement from Quicken that by April 2011, if I haven't upgraded to Quicken 2011, it'll stop doing online updates. That sounded serious, so I bought Quicken 2011 and installed it. But once installed, both my bank Accounts and my credit card account stopped updating. They were updating fine with Q2008; now Q2011 would do an online update, download, then refuse the downloaded transactions as "unaccepted". I was unable to deal with my bank accounts or my credit card. Now I wouldn't know anymore what charges or payments were posted to my credit card, what deposits or payments made by my bank account; I'd have to start writing checks manually and mailing them via USPS. Not only did Quicken stiff me for the $50 price of the update, it then deprived me of the use of my online accounts.

  I uninstalled Q2011 and re-installed Q2008 (I had saved the 2008 data, because Q2011 also transmogrifies that into a different non-backwards-compatible format). Didn't work, I suspect because Quicken did something in the Windows Registry to disallow the downloaded transactions even under Q2008.

So I had to restore my entire computer installation (my entire Disk C) to the last Acronis backup I did a month ago, then tried again with the restored Q2008; this time it worked like it used to. So this proves that Q2011 makes some permanent notations in the Registry (or somewhere) and then certain financial institutions (which, I assume, didn't pay Quicken to upgrade to the latest 2011 server software) are tagged to no longer download "acceptable" transactions.

I've been using Quicken since the early 1990s, and until now all updates always worked smoothly. But this time, what they did, is plain outrageous. And I'm still out the $50 for that Q2011 that I had to junk.

Topic 7: user 0.03315 bad 0.02164 previous 0.02112 disappointed 0.01563 worst 0.01406 using 0.0118 use 0.01084 won 0.01022 recommend 0.00995 crashes 0.0092
 How Many: 26822
Last night - Feb 08 while watching the Grammys - I watched a brilliant, funny, Hollywood-scale production of a TV ad for TurboTax. The TV Ad depicted the Boston Tea Party. Colonists who had apparently commandeered a British supply ship were throwing wooden crates of tea overboard into Boston Harbor. British soldiers were down below in their life boats - who had apparently abandoned their supply ship. The colonists were yelling about Taxation as they tossed the crates of tea. From their life boats, the British yelled up to the Colonists "Well, what if we let you file your taxes for FREE?" This was a welcome idea to the colonists. "FREE?" - the Colonists stop revolting.  ...Cut to a bloody field battle between British soldiers and men and women Colonists - "FREE?" - they suddenly stop fighting.  ...Cut to George Washington and his troops crossing the Delaware in their rowboats. Washington, in his full General's uniform: "FREE?" - Washington orders his troops to "Back Up!" This TV Ad was Brilliant! Funny! Original! A Hollywood Production! It aired SEVERAL times during the Grammys - a prime time extravaganza. I am now CONVINCED that I will find another alternative to TurboTax. I am not willing to pay for this entertainment through the high-priced product that Intuit is now pushing on me. "FREE?" Nothing is free - including Hollywood productions.
This is the worst piece of garbage program from Intuit yet. They should have debugged it before releasing it for sale. It's buggy, slow and incomplete. I wouldn't recommend it for any reason.
This is the worst product I have seen from Intuit.  I have been using Quicken for almost twenty years and Quicken H&B 2014 is by far the worst release by a significant margin.  Not only is it extremely slow compared to previous versions when it comes to rendering screens and responding to inputs, but it has crashed more in the six weeks I've been using it that all the other versions of Quicken combined over two decades use.  Talk about disappointed -- it crashed three times within the first hour of using the product.  And the crashes have continued unabated.  Unfortunately there is no 2013 downgrade option available.  Moreover I have significant concerns about data integrity over the long run if these crashes continue.  The sad part is there has been no communication from Intuit nor patches issued that address the problem.  Very disappointed.
QuickBooks is simply ABYSMAL!!! Practically anything that you try to do in QuickBooks require some cumbersome procedure that seems very inefficient. Its clunky interface and workflow is counterintuitive and restrictive. It feels like you're working with an out-of-date program from the 90's. To make matters worse, QuickBooks is constantly plagued with inexplicable glitches and compatibility issues. I've reluctantly been using this piece of garbage for ten long years only because it's the software of choice for accountants, but I don't give a rat's behind anymore. It's just not worth the time and aggravation. DON'T BE DUPED!!! Time is money, and you will lose a ton of time managing your books with this piece of garbage!
QuickBooks is simply ABYSMAL!!! Practically anything that you try to do in QuickBooks require some cumbersome procedure that seems very inefficient. It's clunky interface and workflow is counterintuitive and restrictive. It feels like you're working with an out-of-date program from the 90's. To make matters worse, QuickBooks is constantly plagued with inexplicable glitches and compatibility issues. I've reluctantly been using this piece of garbage for ten long years only because it's the software of choice for accountants, but I don't a rat's behind anymore. It's just not worth the time and aggravation. DON'T BE DUPED!!! Time is money, and you will lose a ton of time managing your books with this piece of garbage!
I'm not familiar with POS and this was our first. We have a small local business in Las Vegas. This system is terribly slow, freezes frequently, complicated and did I mention SLOW!!!!. We have customers waiting shaking their heads in frustration losing their patience because it takes so long to ring up the orders. What a joke and look at these other 1 star reviews. This company should be ashamed of themselves and offer some kind of solution or refund for this crap. And as another reviewer has mentioned if you're not using Intuit for your merchant account you're out of luck again. This will not integrate with any other merchant service aside from theirs. And their rates for cc processing are terrible. This company is horrible I would never recommend purchasing anything from them ever. Disgraceful!!! If anyone has any suggestions for a fast and uncomplicated POS solution I would love to hear about it.
Garbage!
One word says it all, I don't need 19 more to say it's garbage, garbage, garbage, garbage, garbage, garbage!
Perhaps I'm just naive, but as a Quicken user for many years, I assumed that I'd be able to port my data into a new version, even when changing platforms. Common sense ("Intuit"-ion?) would suggest that this be an easy task, but Quicken's reputation suggested it'd be more complicated -- but I assumed still do-able.

Well folks, it ain't. Seven years of diligent tracking on my part is gone, and I'm still trying to reconcile accounts, re-set loans and automatic transactions (all gone), etc. What a catastrophic mess. Quicken/Intuit should be ashamed of themselves.

If you're a previous user, beware. If you were a user and you're porting off the Mac platform, forget it. I don't know if Money is any better, but at least it wouldn't come with such an insulting slap in the face.
Perhaps I'm just naive, but as a Quicken user for many years, I assumed that I'd be able to port my data into a new version, even when changing platforms. Common sense ("Intuit"-ion?) would suggest that this be an easy task, but Quicken's reputation suggested it'd be more complicated -- but I assumed still do-able.

Well folks, it ain't. Seven years of diligent tracking on my part is gone, and I'm still trying to reconcile accounts, re-set loans and automatic transactions (all gone), etc. What a catastrophic mess. Quicken/Intuit should be ashamed of themselves.

If you're a previous user, beware. If you were a user and you're porting off the Mac platform, forget it. I don't know if Money is any better, but at least it wouldn't come with such an insulting slap in the face.
Perhaps I'm just naive, but as a Quicken user for many years, I assumed that I'd be able to port my data into a new version, even when changing platforms. Common sense ("Intuit"-ion?) would suggest that this be an easy task, but Quicken's reputation suggested it'd be more complicated -- but I assumed still do-able.

Well folks, it ain't. Seven years of diligent tracking on my part is gone, and I'm still trying to reconcile accounts, re-set loans and automatic transactions (all gone), etc. What a catastrophic mess. Quicken/Intuit should be ashamed of themselves.

If you're a previous user, beware. If you were a user and you're porting off the Mac platform, forget it. I don't know if Money is any better, but at least it wouldn't come with such an insulting slap in the face.

Topic 8: tax 0.06863 state 0.03582 return 0.03249 turbo 0.03114 turbotax 0.03079 file 0.02772 year 0.0249 taxes 0.02144 forms 0.01331 form 0.01094
 How Many: 26822
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."

Topic 9: like 0.01396 just 0.01091 way 0.00874 does 0.00869 things 0.00816 make 0.00779 enter 0.00745 use 0.0073 reports 0.00665 really 0.00652
 How Many: 26822
If you have any intentions of using the budget tool, PLEASE READ THE BELOW.  There are SERIOUS design & coding issues.  Because budgeting is such a critical function of managing finances, I consider the budget tool issues to be grounds for 1-star rating. There's even a petition on this issue over at change.org

The functionality is pathetically limited.  You can only budget on a 12-month forward basis, you cannot set a budget for a given timeframe (i.e. - Jan 1, 2012 thru Dec 31, 2012).  This means if you start using Quicken in March 2012, then your budget can only be created for March 2012 thru February 2013.  If for whatever reason you need to setup a budget for a specific fiscal year or calendar year, you cannot do it.

You cannot specify a timeframe from which to use as a basis for auto-generating a budget.  Quicken2012 automatically uses the prior rolling 12-month period for generating your budget.  For example, you cannot generate a budget based on transactions from the entire calendar year 2011 as a basis for your 2012 budget.  How can you do year over year budget comparisons if you're forced into creating a 12-month rolling budget?

DEFECT - Ridiculous flaw in the most basic arithmetic functions.
The annual summation for a given budget category is incorrect if you attempt to use the "Specified" budget method(i.e.- manually set each month's budget value for a given category).  I have tested several scenarios and each time the budget tool will incorrectly calculate the annual total.  The default "Average" budget method works, but if you need to budget for expenses that occur in specific months, your annual totals will be WAY OFF.  Based on my testing, if you manually enter budget amounts for a given month, the annual total will SUBTRACT the month's original budget value AND SUBTRACT the month's new budget value you just entered.  For example, in July if you had $500 budgeted for a tax expense and then change July's budget amount to $1000, the annual total is reduced by $1500 rather than a net $500 increase, which now makes your annual total incorrect by $2000!!!
I bought this product just to keep track of my spending while I was traveling on a fixed grant, so I wasn't worried about not being able to keep track of mortgages, investments, etc. So, I ignored a lot of the negative reviews that talked about this advanced functionality, figuring my needs were basic enough that Essentials would be an good, cheap fit for me. However, I was disappointed with the following very basic things:

-The biggest problem was that you can't make a new budget for anything but the present month (no future planing), so trying to figure out how to budget 9 months (the duration of my travel) in advance was not possible.
-The budget tracker is cumbersome. It will not automatically add unexpected expense categories to show you where your budget isn't lining up, which meant that I was still messing with the budget, and adding/subtracting categories/tags all through the month to reconcile it with the other reports the program offers.
-If you are making credit card payments (or other transfers, e.g. ATM withdrawals), they must be categorized/tagged differently for the "expense" and the "income" to each account, otherwise they cancel and do not register on your budget, and it looks like you haven't met your goal. For Credit Cards, I was fine with just setting it to be an "expense" and displaying that; it was more problematic for me wrt cash transfers..
-Everything has to be set to at least $1 on your budget, otherwise the bar won't fill or change color when the category is touched. This was a problem for unexpected expenses that I wanted to show up on my budget.
-Sometimes when you set a category as "income" on your budget, it will stay under the "expense" category, but will be labeled "income" in grey, and when you reopen the budget settings, it will still be set as an "expense."
-As far as I could find, there wasn't a way to link expenses with refunds, which meant that my expense reports were sometimes inaccurate. A returned item would still factor into my monthly expenses.
-Finally, I didn't really expect this functionality, and planned to do it myself anyways, but I would've been nice to have a currency option to help me with conversions.

These were pretty basic, daily things I didn't think would pose a problem. I've used Quicken and loved it in the past. But all in all, I didn't feel I could trust that the reports from this version were always accurate. It ended up being simpler just to keep track of everything in Excel, and submitting those spreadsheets to my department.

I gave the product 1 star. I think some people will find it helpful if your expenses are simple and you casually want to monitor your spending. But if you need something for reports, or long term planning, I'm not sure this will do the trick.
Why oh why did they update the Goals interface in 2015?
I can note several things wrong with the view of Savings Goals
1. You can't sort them, and now you have to scroll through pages and pages of "visual blocks", each one representing a goal and try and see if you can see the title of each "block" to know if it's the Savings Goal you're looking for. I've scrolled up and down the list several times trying to find the Goal I'm looking for until finally finding it. This is VERY frustrating
2. If your progress on a Goal is low, you can't see the amount of money already contributed to the goal because the amount numbers show inside the progress bar. If there isn't enough of a progress bar to fit the numbers in it, you can't see the amount. There is no other way to know unless you open the "withdraw" pop-up and then check each account that you've contributed to this goal from and add them in your head, or on a calculator. Useless.
3. The ability to scan across all goals and see most of goals (depending on how large your list is) like you could in 2012 is gone. No easily comparing accounts and where you might want to put extra money to allocate. You have to scroll pages and pages and pages and try and remember each amount to determine where you might stash the extra cash you have available to allocate to goals (similar problem with the scrolling as mentioned in #1)
4. If you've scrolled pages and pages to finally find the goal you're interested in and you want to edit it, you click the edit goal and nice pop up comes up similar to 2012. However whether you "ok" or "cancel", or even click the "red x" to close this pop up, it will return you to the goal list and refresh the entire view and return you to the top of the list. UGH! Now I have to scroll back down the list again to find the goal I was working on. HOW FRUSTRATING!

If you like working with the concept of Savings Goals like I do. Stay away from this version like the plague!
Why oh why did they update the Goals interface in 2015?
I can note several things wrong with the view of Savings Goals
1. You can't sort them, and now you have to scroll through pages and pages of "visual blocks", each one representing a goal and try and see if you can see the title of each "block" to know if it's the Savings Goal you're looking for. I've scrolled up and down the list several times trying to find the Goal I'm looking for until finally finding it. This is VERY frustrating
2. If your progress on a Goal is low, you can't see the amount of money already contributed to the goal because the amount numbers show inside the progress bar. If there isn't enough of a progress bar to fit the numbers in it, you can't see the amount. There is no other way to know unless you open the "withdraw" pop-up and then check each account that you've contributed to this goal from and add them in your head, or on a calculator. Useless.
3. The ability to scan across all goals and see most of goals (depending on how large your list is) like you could in 2012 is gone. No easily comparing accounts and where you might want to put extra money to allocate. You have to scroll pages and pages and pages and try and remember each amount to determine where you might stash the extra cash you have available to allocate to goals (similar problem with the scrolling as mentioned in #1)
4. If you've scrolled pages and pages to finally find the goal you're interested in and you want to edit it, you click the edit goal and nice pop up comes up similar to 2012. However whether you "ok" or "cancel", or even click the "red x" to close this pop up, it will return you to the goal list and refresh the entire view and return you to the top of the list. UGH! Now I have to scroll back down the list again to find the goal I was working on. HOW FRUSTRATING!

If you like working with the concept of Savings Goals like I do, stay away from this version like the plague!
I am disappointed with the rental property portion of this program.  My biggest surprise is that each tenant's rent check must be recorded as a singular deposit or else the rent reminder option doesn't work.  In my experience, no one has multiple checks and deposits them one at a time.  Quicken, you need to add the ability to make a single deposit comprised of multiple rent checks.  It would be great to be able to record a deposit in the checkbook register that automatically provides a list of tenants when Rent Income is selected as the account.  Then I could easily make a multiple check deposit while still linking the payment to the tenant's history.  I find the rent reminder portion of the rental property to be difficult to use as it lacks this option.  May I suggest you copy the ability of QuickBooks, which keeps a running tab of checks received and then allows me to select the ones I want to include in a single deposit?

Another problem is lack of information in the Tenant History report.  Not all tenants make it easy and pay one lump sum on the 1st of each month.  Occasionally one will have rough times and have to make two payments, but the History only shows dates and the tenant's name, not amounts paid.  This is not helpful.  To really assess a tenant's payment history, I would need dates and amounts of payments.  A running history which also shows any balance due on rent would be very helpful.

For personal finances alone this software works fine.  I really like the ability to connect with my banks to download transactions.  As for the Rental Property portion of this product, I do not find that it makes my life easier as a landlord.  It lacks the very basic steps that any financial software should provide - ability to make complete bank transactions and enough data to monitor each account adequately.
If you haven't updated yet to Quicken Premiere 2012 Rel 3 from an earlier release, DON'T! What kind of financial management program doesn't have a reliable budget planning process with lots of enhancement tools? Well, this one doesn't.

Two ways are offered to create a new budget. Regardless of creating a 2012 budget automatically or with the complete enumeration of categories from which to build from scratch, the income and expense categories I select are not saved and only a portion of those categories display in the budget. While I had seen a blog answer that a workaround is to select categories from the "All Categories" list, that works only if you don't have to add or delete a category. If you add or delete a category, most of the other categories, both income and expense, disappear.

Additionally, when I make a FROM transfer under Income from one of my IRA accounts so that it displays as part of my income, the result does not add to the monthly income total. The same can be said for TO transfer transactions under Expenses. For example, the payment on a loan displays correctly under Expenses as TO (i.e. the lender), but the amount does not add to the month's Expense totals, only to the year-end total.

Yet another annoyance is the fact there are several categories included in any new budget you create that you cannot delete, and that includes basic Categories such as Income and Expenses. So you end up with two Income and Expenses categories displaying with no way of deleting one of them. And then there's a Business Expense Category that you get whether you like it or not.

After two days of endless trials and errors, I got the same erratic and unpredictable results. Without reliable budget planning tools, where's the value in the rest of the program? If you can't see or analyze where your money is coming from or going what's the purpose?

I tried just about everything to get the categories to display correctly and, failing that, never got to editing budget entries. As it stands, The 2012 budget planning tools produce erratic and unreliable results and are, therefore, useless and render the entire application unacceptable.

Unless you like a challenge and plenty of frustration, you'll save yourself a lot of time that can be better spent on planning with whatever Quicken version you may have that has worked for you and with which you're familiar. Better planning tools are only BETTER if they work as advertised. In this case, Quicken Premiere 2012 doesn't come close to meeting customer expectations.
Annoying need to pull down menus, then a sub-menu for repetitive tasks when there used to be keyboard shortcuts.  We need the ability to assign keyboard shortcuts or function keys for the tasks we use most often.  Also, I very often want to search and find transactions based either on a word or two in the payee name or memo, or by category, or by exact dollar amount.  Extremely irritating is that there is no keyboard shortcut to do so, and when the search window pops up, I have to constantly re-set the choices for either payee, dollar amount, etc.  It should be that if I highlight any field in a transaction, that when the search window opens, that type of field is already selected. For example:  click on an amount field, then the search window opens with the amount choice already selected.  But wait, there is more... The most irritating thing that happens is that when the results window opens for a search, that the transaction date column is too narrow to read, even when I maximize the computer window.  I have a 15.6" wide screen, couldn't Quicken widen that item a little more?
I have a business, rentals and of course personal transactions.  I previously had Quicken Rental manger 2007.  Manual entries of transactions and was geared only toward rentals. Other than the manual entries, limited reports, it was easy to use and worked ok.

I decided to purchase Quicken 2016 because of a few features.  The downloadable transactions. I could scan the receipt right to the transaction.  I could add my business, personal and rentals into the program.  Increased reporting capabilities, etc

There are tons of problems with this software.
My banks support the one step update (where you can do one step to have all banks update their info into the program).  I get errors with all of my banks.  I have done several hours of support with Quicken and they can not fix the problem.  I have to go out to each bank and download the transactions into my software.
Memorized Payees: Yes it can memorize payees. So I can say if a bill comes in from Alliant Energy that it is utility bill.  However, I have alliant for my Business, home and rentals. The memorized payees is not specific to the account to which it is attached. Important for my tax report that this be correct.
Rental Center:
There is no way to enter payments from other sources that would be a one time situation.  For instance if a tenant has trouble making their rent, another organization may make a one time payment for their rent.  So far I have to enter it under the tenant, then in memo note it was paid by...then if I run a report on how much a tenant paid me (because they want their rent certificate at the end of the year). I have to check memo's and deduct from the total of what they paid...so they don't claim I received more than I did with the organization that paid their rent 1099'ing for the rest.
You can't have a report that shows how much the tenant still owes for rent.  There should be a way to add fees and other bills.  For instance, where I am if a tenant does not pay their water bill, then I am required to pay it.  I should be able to add this to the tenants amount owed. If charge a tenant rent and a late fee.  you need to separate this in your entry.  For instance if they owe 600 rent and 50 late.  They paid 650. you have to enter this as 600 rent and 50 late.  I would like to enter that I received 650 and have 50 was for a late fee.  When you enter a rent payment, it should tell you the amount outstanding that a tenant owes including late fees, other charges and credits.  There should be a report that I can run and give a tenant that would break down what they owe and how I come up with it.  In quicken I can run a report that shows payments only.  There is no way I can change the rent amounts by a tenant in Quicken with out creating new tenant within quicken. I have section 8 (government tenants), their rent is based on income.  Although their rent does not change frequently, the amount paid by the government and the amount paid by tenant does change....how do I reflect this.
Reporting:  Yes you can do a big variety of reporting.  But if you go to rental and do a rental report you have to set the accounts (because it will include all bank accounts that you have in the system), the categories, the tag and any payees that you want to include or exclude from the report.  Then you can save the report and can run it in the future.  It took quite awhile to set up reports for each account. So you need at least some skill and though into the process.  Note if splitting transactions, reporting will not split them into the subcategories of the split.  For instance if I do a 2,000 deposit total.  I split it between 500 from A, 950 from B and 550 from C...the report will only show Deposit (or what you name the main transaction as).  I need the report to reflect A, B and C as this is income from those sources.
Create a Cash account for my Business and Rental.  Because the bank downloads is a tied to my bank transactions, I had to create a way to
add other expenses.  For example I make mortgage payments, each month the amount that is principle and the amount that is interest changes.  And quite frankly, I have no desire to look up at the mortgage company and split the transaction each month.  So I exclude the mortgage payment from my rental report at the end of the year.  And enter the yearly interest paid as a cash entry and categorize it as mortgage interest paid with the tag of the property that it is expensed for.
Categories/Expenses: When you add categories, if would be great if it wasn't a tiny little box and if you could grab the newly created category and slide it where you would like and drop it.  You need to remember to add the tax reporting to that category or it won't show up as a tax deductible transaction (again you need to have knowledge).  There were a few instances, I had to spend some time figuring out why things weren't showing up in this report or that.  I don't believe I can have a 2nd business listed under Categories.  I have a client trust account.  That money that comes in I can't categorize it as business income, its not rental income and its not personal income...so again, not sure what to do with it.  So far I have it as business income, then exclude that bank account from my report....but it is a work around.  I would prefer a different way.  Because I need to run report that say if I took 500 in for a certain company from a client, then that company withdrew it from my account. etc...

Minor annoyance is that the program is at times slow.  You enter a rent and have to wait for it to update into the system can take a bit.  Some functionality being able to click on a tenant and go to the rent received history would be nice.

Problems aside.  I do love that if I am looking for a transaction. I can search by name, check or amount, etc and immediately find it.  That I can attach the receipt right to it as my back up to my paper receipts.  But unless they make big changes to the programs I don't feel I can recommend this program to other individuals. In sending my recommendations to Quicken has been ignored.
I paid $100 to upgrade from 2009 to 2010 and am sorely disappointed (putting it mildly).  I do not normally write reviews..

The 2010 upgrade is more like a degrade.  Several key features were taken away.
*  The bill Calendar no longer has the balances. If you want to see the running balance totals you have to open a separate window that you have to close before you do anything else.  This is real annoying for those who got used to the tab in the 2009 version (I regretfully gave away when I purchased this degrade).  I like to go back and forth from the check register and the calendar so I can see how my balances are affected as I enter my receipts.
*  The check register no longer has balance totals when sorted by "cleared status".  This is a Big Problem because you have to now use a calculator if you like to match your transactions with the bank and see if your balance is square in between statements.
*  If you want to use the new Spending Tracker (the main reason I paid $100 to upgrade) you better be sure you don't use subcategories because those categories will not total under the parent category.

EXAMPLE:
-------------------
Household (Budget $100)
- Laundry
- Paper Products
- Toiletries
-------------------
So if, say, you have a category labeled Household and underneath household you have the subcategories: laundry, paper products, & toiletries.  Since this is a personal finance program you probably want to budget the money that is left over after paying your bills and living expenses so you can live comfortably within your means.  In general you like to allocate about $100 for your monthly household expenses.

Unfortunately, you cannot track the entire Household group as one.  Quicken makes you split your $100 among your various subcategories.  The totals that will be tracked for "Household" will be only the transactions that you did not choose a subcategory.  It cannot track the TOTAL spent (ie. Laundry + Paper Products + Toiletries). So you must make a separate budget for Laundry ($20), Paper Products ($40), and Toiletries($40) and track them separately.

The above example is impossible, your budget must look like this instead:
-------------------
Household
- Laundry (Budget $20)
- Paper Products (Budget $40)
- Toiletries (Budget $40)
-------------------

This is Totally Worthless because a lot of times I know in general I spend about this much in Household.. but the distribution varies much more than the total and this is why I have a general budget with 8 envelopes of cash, not 30!

(*Note: using tags instead of subcategories is not a fix to this problem because tags are meant to be used for unique categories that don't fit in your normal linear structure and I like my subcategories to appear in my reports)

I am hoping somewhere Quicken is listening.. so far customer support has just thrown a bunch of copied off answers from their manual on how to reply to genuinely pissed off people...
The 2013 budgeting feature has been nerfed. You may only enter monthly amounts now. There is no longer the ability to select a time period for the amount and have it amortize or replicate this amount. Example 1: I want to save an equal amount each month for my annual insurance payment of say $100. I now have to manually calculate $100/12 months and enter this amount vice selecting $100/year for the category. Example 2: I want to budget $200/week for a family of four for groceries. Now, I have to divide this by 7 and multiply it by the number of days in the month. Then, I have to do this for each month separately. Example 3: I want to schedule $150 of quarterly auto maintenance. I have to divide the amount by three then enter it, vice selecting quarterly. One of the key tenets of a budget is to keep the monthly outputs even so that you don't have high and low months. Therefore, most people either amortize their big expenditures as small amounts monthly, or stack their daily/weekly requirements to build the monthly requirement. For a business, this becomes even more important. This is quite a step backward, as a spreadsheet is now more capable than the budgeting tool, which has been touted as an "improvement." It was bad enough that you "hid" this as the Advanced Budgeting Tool in 2012. (This was where you could place an amount and select from daily/weekly/twice per month/monthly/etc. by category.) I have requested a refund for 2013 solely for this inability. And, I have a feeling I will not be the last to do so.

(In addition, the budget entry window is no longer a calculator, so if you type 100/12, it gives you a 0. You really have to budget manually. I won't even get into the inability of it to sync my accounts via mobile. I realize I have 26 accounts, but even left all night nothing shows up. And, yes, I am on the latest version of release 6.)

Topic 10: quickbooks 0.03764 business 0.0345 use 0.02101 payroll 0.01608 qb 0.01554 small 0.01065 just 0.01016 company 0.01009 pro 0.0097 accounting 0.00926
 How Many: 26822
DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!

I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients.  I am fairly happy with QB overall, but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about.  I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I'm not happy.  QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way, and QB does not know what to do about it.  They don't seem to care either.  Apparantly, even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc., if they have access to the general ledger, then they have access to detail payroll data.  The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L.  So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll (a typical client need), user permissions doesn't do the trick.  Because even though they can't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module, they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger!!!  Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks!!!!

DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!
DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!

I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients.  I am fairly happy with QB overall, but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about.  I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I'm not happy.  QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way, and QB does not know what to do about it.  They don't seem to care either.  Apparantly, even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc., if they have access to the general ledger, then they have access to detail payroll data.  The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L.  So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll (a typical client need), user permissions doesn't do the trick.  Because even though they can't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module, they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger!!!  Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks!!!!

DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!
DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!

I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients.  I am fairly happy with QB overall, but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about.  I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I'm not happy.  QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way, and QB does not know what to do about it.  They don't seem to care either.  Apparantly, even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc., if they have access to the general ledger, then they have access to detail payroll data.  The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L.  So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll (a typical client need), user permissions doesn't do the trick.  Because even though they can't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module, they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger!!!  Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks!!!!

DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!
DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!

I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients.  I am fairly happy with QB overall, but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about.  I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I'm not happy.  QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way, and QB does not know what to do about it.  They don't seem to care either.  Apparantly, even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc., if they have access to the general ledger, then they have access to detail payroll data.  The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L.  So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll (a typical client need), user permissions doesn't do the trick.  Because even though they can't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module, they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger!!!  Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks!!!!

DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!
DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!

I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients.  I am fairly happy with QB overall, but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about.  I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I'm not happy.  QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way, and QB does not know what to do about it.  They don't seem to care either.  Apparantly, even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc., if they have access to the general ledger, then they have access to detail payroll data.  The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L.  So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll (a typical client need), user permissions doesn't do the trick.  Because even though they can't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module, they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger!!!  Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks!!!!

DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!
DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!

I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients.  I am fairly happy with QB overall, but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about.  I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I'm not happy.  QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way, and QB does not know what to do about it.  They don't seem to care either.  Apparantly, even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc., if they have access to the general ledger, then they have access to detail payroll data.  The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L.  So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll (a typical client need), user permissions doesn't do the trick.  Because even though they can't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module, they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger!!!  Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks!!!!

DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!
I'm a sole practitioner CPA and maintain about 20 separate sets of clients' books in my office.  Since both Intuit and Peachtree have "professional advisors programs" which aggressively solicit CPAs to shill for their software, I should also state that I'm in no way affiliated with either of them, nor any other software company (the fact that I must mention this demonstrates where the accounting profession is headed, but that's another story).
I realize that I'm swimming upstream here, but, in a word, I detest Quickbooks.  My clients who use it routinely bring me sets of books which they have messed up so badly that I run up big fees unraveling their errors.  The reason, in short, is that Quickbooks is not a legitimate double-entry self-balancing accounting package.  I believe that it's merely a dressed-up, aggressively marketed version of Intuit's checkbook program, Quicken.  Because of this, it's far too easy to make serious errors which the software will not detect.  Just one example: A single push of a button will convert your books from cash basis to accrual basis.  A client brought me his books which had a cash-basis balance sheet, an accrual-basis P&L, journals and ledgers which were some of both - and he had no idea why nothing balanced (if you don't know what I'm talking about, that's all the more reason to avoid this software)!  I keep a current version of Quickbooks on my computer ONLY as an accommodation to my clients who refuse to switch.
Both Intuit and Peachtree have rotten tech support. Both gouge their customers mercilessly for annual payroll updates.  Nevertheless, I do my best to get my clients to start with, or to switch to, Peachtree.  It's by no means a perfect solution, but it's at least a "real" double-entry system, therefore much more idiot-proof, more powerful, and generally bug-free. The learning curves of the two programs are now roughly equal, since Peachtree  has added an optional interface for non-accountants.
Finally, I'm not bashing the company, just this product.  I've been using Intuit's professional tax return preparation software (ProSeries) for many years, and I'm completely satisfied with it. But my bottom-line professional opinion here is that Quickbooks is simply not what it claims to be.  Use Peachtree, use MYOB, use ACCPAC Simply Accounting - any of which are preferable to this over-hyped and under-powered dog of an accounting program.
I'm a sole practitioner CPA and maintain about 20 separate sets of clients' books in my office.  Since both Intuit and Peachtree have "professional advisors programs" which aggressively solicit CPAs to shill for their software, I should also state that I'm in no way affiliated with either of them, nor any other software company (the fact that I must mention this demonstrates where the accounting profession is headed, but that's another story).
I realize that I'm swimming upstream here, but, in a word, I detest Quickbooks.  My clients who use it routinely bring me sets of books which they have messed up so badly that I run up big fees unraveling their errors.  The reason, in short, is that Quickbooks is not a legitimate double-entry self-balancing accounting package.  I believe that it's merely a dressed-up, aggressively marketed version of Intuit's checkbook program, Quicken.  Because of this, it's far too easy to make serious errors which the software will not detect.  Just one example: A single push of a button will convert your books from cash basis to accrual basis.  A client brought me his books which had a cash-basis balance sheet, an accrual-basis P&L, journals and ledgers which were some of both - and he had no idea why nothing balanced (if you don't know what I'm talking about, that's all the more reason to avoid this software)!  I keep a current version of Quickbooks on my computer ONLY as an accommodation to my clients who refuse to switch.
Both Intuit and Peachtree have rotten tech support. Both gouge their customers mercilessly for annual payroll updates.  Nevertheless, I do my best to get my clients to start with, or to switch to, Peachtree.  It's by no means a perfect solution, but it's at least a "real" double-entry system, therefore much more idiot-proof, more powerful, and generally bug-free. The learning curves of the two programs are now roughly equal, since Peachtree  has added an optional interface for non-accountants.
Finally, I'm not bashing the company, just this product.  I've been using Intuit's professional tax return preparation software (ProSeries) for many years, and I'm completely satisfied with it. But my bottom-line professional opinion here is that Quickbooks is simply not what it claims to be.  Use Peachtree, use MYOB, use ACCPAC Simply Accounting - any of which are preferable to this over-hyped and under-powered dog of an accounting program.
I HAVE BEEN USING QB SINCE 1993 WHEN VERSION 1.0 CAME OUT AND BEEN USING QB PAYROLL SINCE IT'S INCEPTION. OUR BUSINESS PURCHASED QB PRO 2012 WITH ENHANCED PAYROLL WITH A ONE YEAR SUBSCRIPTION AND INSTALLED IT IN DECEMBER OF 2012. OUR ENHANCED PAYROLL SERVICE DOES NOT EXPIRE UNTIL THE END OF 2013. WE RECEIVED AN IN EMAIL FROM THAT STATE: "Your annual subscription for Intuit QuickBooks Enhanced Payroll will be automatically renewed on 11/22/2013 at a price of $449, plus tax where applicable. The charge will appear as "Intuit QB Payroll" on the credit card listed below. You will also receive an email renewal confirmation notice on the day your credit card is charged." OUR ENHANCED PAYROLL SERVICE WAS PREMATURELY CANCELLED/TERMINATED WHEN I TOOK MY CREDIT CARD INFO OFF THE ACCOUNT SO THAT QB PAYROLL COULD NOT CHARGE ME $449. WHEN WE HAVE ALREADY ORDERED QB PRO 2014 WITH ENHANCED PAYROLL FOR ONE YEAR FOR $279.

NOW WE CANNOT FILE OUR FEDERAL QUARTERLY PAYROLL TAX RETURNS NOR MAKE PAYROLL TAX DEPOSITS EVEN THOUGH WE HAVE PAID FOR THE SERVICES. I AM REFERRING THIS MATTER TO THE WASHINGTON STATE ATTORNEY GENERALS OFFICE. IT IS AGAINST THE LAW TO CHARGE CUSTOMERS FOR SERVICES FOR A YEAR AND THEN CANCEL THOSE SERVICES BEFORE A YEAR HAS EXPIRED. I AM REALLY TIRED OF THE EXTORTION THAT QB PAYROLL HAS RESORTED TO IN ORDER TO FORCE CUSTOMER INTO PAYING OUTRAGEOUS AMOUNTS. THE ENHANCED PAYROLL CAN BE PURCHASED AS A PACKAGE WITH THE LATEST QB PRO FOR $170 LESS. WE HAVE CHOSEN THIS OPTION, BUT QB PAYROLL HAS TERMINATED OUR SERVICE PREMATURELY AND NOW IT IS TIME FOR THEM TO BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE. I HAVE BEEN ON THE PHONE (ON HOLD FOR OVER 2 HOURS) WITH THEIR CUSTOMER DIS-SERVICE DEPARTMENT IGNORING THIS MATTER AND ATTEMPTING TO HAVE ME GIVE UP AND HANG UP. QB PAYROLL IS NOT ALONE IN THIS PRACTICE OF CUSTOMER DIS-SERVICE WITH THEIR CALL CENTER TACTICS.

AFTER BEING A PAYING CUSTOMER OF INTUIT QB PRO, PREMIER, PAYROLL AND ENHANCED PAYROLL SINCE 1993, I WILL BE SWITCHING OUR BUSINESS AND PAYROLL SOFTWARE TO A COMPANY THAT HAS ETHICAL BUSINESS PRACTICES AND HIGH CUSTOMER RATINGS. OUR TRUE RATING IS A -10, WHICH IS UNFORTUNATE BECAUSE INTUIT USE TO BE A GOOD COMPANY.

FEED UP WITH INTUIT IN SPOKANE, WA
I HAVE BEEN USING QB SINCE 1993 WHEN VERSION 1.0 CAME OUT AND BEEN USING QB PAYROLL SINCE IT'S INCEPTION. OUR BUSINESS PURCHASED QB PRO 2012 WITH ENHANCED PAYROLL WITH A ONE YEAR SUBSCRIPTION AND INSTALLED IT IN DECEMBER OF 2012. OUR ENHANCED PAYROLL SERVICE DOES NOT EXPIRE UNTIL THE END OF 2013. WE RECEIVED AN IN EMAIL FROM THAT STATE: "Your annual subscription for Intuit QuickBooks Enhanced Payroll will be automatically renewed on 11/22/2013 at a price of $449, plus tax where applicable. The charge will appear as "Intuit QB Payroll" on the credit card listed below. You will also receive an email renewal confirmation notice on the day your credit card is charged." OUR ENHANCED PAYROLL SERVICE WAS PREMATURELY CANCELLED/TERMINATED WHEN I TOOK MY CREDIT CARD INFO OFF THE ACCOUNT SO THAT QB PAYROLL COULD NOT CHARGE ME $449. WHEN WE HAVE ALREADY ORDERED QB PRO 2014 WITH ENHANCED PAYROLL FOR ONE YEAR FOR $279.

NOW WE CANNOT FILE OUR FEDERAL QUARTERLY PAYROLL TAX RETURNS NOR MAKE PAYROLL TAX DEPOSITS EVEN THOUGH WE HAVE PAID FOR THE SERVICES. I AM REFERRING THIS MATTER TO THE WASHINGTON STATE ATTORNEY GENERALS OFFICE. IT IS AGAINST THE LAW TO CHARGE CUSTOMERS FOR SERVICES FOR A YEAR AND THEN CANCEL THOSE SERVICES BEFORE A YEAR HAS EXPIRED. I AM REALLY TIRED OF THE EXTORTION THAT QB PAYROLL HAS RESORTED TO IN ORDER TO FORCE CUSTOMER INTO PAYING OUTRAGEOUS AMOUNTS. THE ENHANCED PAYROLL CAN BE PURCHASED AS A PACKAGE WITH THE LATEST QB PRO FOR $170 LESS. WE HAVE CHOSEN THIS OPTION, BUT QB PAYROLL HAS TERMINATED OUR SERVICE PREMATURELY AND NOW IT IS TIME FOR THEM TO BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE. I HAVE BEEN ON THE PHONE (ON HOLD FOR OVER 2 HOURS) WITH THEIR CUSTOMER DIS-SERVICE DEPARTMENT IGNORING THIS MATTER AND ATTEMPTING TO HAVE ME GIVE UP AND HANG UP. QB PAYROLL IS NOT ALONE IN THIS PRACTICE OF CUSTOMER DIS-SERVICE WITH THEIR CALL CENTER TACTICS.

AFTER BEING A PAYING CUSTOMER OF INTUIT QB PRO, PREMIER, PAYROLL AND ENHANCED PAYROLL SINCE 1993, I WILL BE SWITCHING OUR BUSINESS AND PAYROLL SOFTWARE TO A COMPANY THAT HAS ETHICAL BUSINESS PRACTICES AND HIGH CUSTOMER RATINGS. OUR TRUE RATING IS A -10, WHICH IS UNFORTUNATE BECAUSE INTUIT USE TO BE A GOOD COMPANY.

FEED UP WITH INTUIT IN SPOKANE, WA

Topic 11: intuit 0.09648 version 0.06887 upgrade 0.04683 new 0.02803 buy 0.02403 online 0.01234 like 0.01218 forced 0.01152 features 0.01143 versions 0.01141
 How Many: 26822
I am a loyal Intuit customer having purchased Quicken and Quickbooks several times already.  When an version got too out of date or Intuit made a major upgrade - I would upgrade. I understand Intuit wants me to upgrade more frequently, but they should entice me with new features as opposed to holding key features on the old version hostage.  My online banking is now broken because Intuit wants me to upgrade.

I understand Intuit no longer fixing bugs on the 2007 version, but crippling key features like online banking is a scummy way to force an upgrade.  That's like Microsoft disabling spell check on old versions of Word.

Someone should create a class action lawsuit, forcing Intuit to clearly disclose on the box: online features disabled in 3 yrs.

It's amazing to me how, in the effort to extract a few incremental dollars, a company will sever a longstanding relationship with a loyal customer.  I think I may upgrade on more time, but I think it will be the last.  I need to find a new accounting solution for Small Business.  Any suggestions?
I am not a lawyer. (Unfortunately). But it seems to me, that Intuit is breaking many many laws that would make it the perfect candidate for a Class Action Law Suit.
If people can sue McDonalds when they spill hot coffee onto their lap while driving over speed bumps, there must certainly be a case for the practices Intuit employs.

I bought QB Pro 2007, and was very happy with my purchase. I then get a notice in 2008 to upgrade. I don't find the improvements compelling enough so I chose not to. I then get a notice in 2009 to upgrade. I find even less reason to upgrade. So in 2010, Intuit, not happy with not making any new sales, decides to FORCE a sale by discontinuing functions that you ALREADY paid for in your old version. This would be equivalent, to Microsoft, taking Word, and disabling it's ability to print unless you paid up the ransom of a new purchase. If they did that, the US Gov would be all over them for this illegal and abusive monopolistic behavior. And yet, Intuit flies under the radar.

Registration. All software manufacturers would like to get as much data on their customers as possible. This is normal business practice. But while most would like you to volunteer your info, you do not HAVE to in order to operate a piece of software that your purchased at full price. Yet again, Intuit seems to skirt software practices by essentially saying, unless you give me all of your info so that I can mine it, and customize a continued UP-SALE pitch of our products AD-NAUSEUM you will not get to use the product YOU ALREADY PAID FOR.

There is one reason, and one reason ONLY, that Intuit is still alive today. And that is lack of competition (True competition). Given this sudo monopoly it would seem to me that these offenses would justify a Class Action suit.

If any of you are lawyers out there and want to take on what seems to me as a relatively easy OPEN-and-SHUT case. I will gladly sign on as Plaintiff #1.

Here's hoping a respectable company takes this once great product, out of Intuit's hands.....
Intuit is a despicable company now. This is the same that company came out with really functional and reasonably priced products in early 1990's like Quicken, Quickbooks & Turbotax.

But somewhere in late 1990's this company was taken over by the same crooks who run the Wall Street. Instead of attracting users to upgrade to their product's new versions by improving them, like Apple does, the nitwits at Intuit blackmail you to upgrade to newer versions of Intuit products by taking away the functionality of earlier versions. For example they are blackmailing users into upgrading to Quicken 2009 by dropping support for online banking in earlier versions; and to Quickbooks 2009 by dropping support for payroll in earlier versions.

Now Intuit's motto is to gouge the customers as much as they can by hook or crook (mostly) by extorting them to upgrade to a poorly functional and buggy newer version.

1. They are forcing Quicken users to upgrade to 2009 version by blackmailing them: dropping support for online banking in earlier versions.

2. The newer version, Quicken 2009, is poorly functioning & buggy (as detailed by other reviewers too), not a better product.  The program shuts down every time I try to accept an individual downloaded transaction. The only way to stop that is to click on "Accept all"

2. Periodically the programs refuses to read the file and I have to restore the backup file. I used to backup once a month with earlier versions and now I do it every time I exit the program.

4. Online support to download transactions is also limited: for example I cannot download transactions for my credit card from Charles Schwab Bank.

5. After the upgrade they provide very limited technical support. For all practical purposes there is no technical support. They do not even provide a tech support phone number to call. You can contact them from the web site when they provide you with a useless ticket number. Instead they direct to Quicken User Communities. After taking your money, they want other users of Quickbooks to provide you with technical support!

6. So Intuit got your money, you got a buggy software with poor functionality, and no technical support. You cannot even do now what you were able to do in an earlier version. You paid money to go from a functioning product to a buggy software.

What a trade off! Basically Intuit screwed you.

Purchasing Quicken is, of course, just the beginning of the upgrade ordeal. Real nightmare starts when  you start getting all those error messages.  After you install Quicken 2009, you will find that it has become cluttered with useless features that you do not even need.  At the end you are left with the feeling: Intuit has screwed me.

Every time you deal with Intuit, you will be left with a bad taste and hate for this company.  Not only they blackmail you into upgrading, every time you have to pay the full price of newer version, there is no upgrade price. And you can get Quicken cheaper at Amazon than buying from Intuit directly.

I hate dealing with Intuit and dumped their Turbotax for Taxact in 2004 and was planning to dump Quicken for Mint. And now they have purchased Mint!  What are the alternatives to Quicken? Please leave your response in the comments section and help us dump Quicken.
Intuit is a despicable company now. This is the same that company came out with really functional and reasonably priced products in early 1990's like Quicken, Quickbooks & Turbotax.

But somewhere in late 1990's this company was taken over by the same crooks who run the Wall Street. Instead of attracting users to upgrade to their product's new versions by improving them, like Apple does, the nitwits at Intuit blackmail you to upgrade to newer versions of Intuit products by taking away the functionality of earlier versions. For example they are blackmailing users into upgrading to Quicken 2009 by dropping support for online banking in earlier versions; and to Quickbooks 2009 by dropping support for payroll in earlier versions.

Now Intuit's motto is to gouge the customers as much as they can by hook or crook (mostly) by extorting them to upgrade to a poorly functional and buggy newer version.

1. They are forcing Quicken users to upgrade to 2009 version by blackmailing them: dropping support for online banking in earlier versions.

2. The newer version, Quicken 2009, is poorly functioning & buggy (as detailed by other reviewers too), not a better product. The program shuts down every time I try to accept an individual downloaded transaction. The only way to stop that is to click on "Accept all"

2. Periodically the programs refuses to read the file and I have to restore the backup file. I used to backup once a month with earlier versions and now I do it every time I exit the program.

4. Online support to download transactions is also limited: for example I cannot download transactions for my credit card from Charles Schwab Bank.

5. After the upgrade they provide very limited technical support. For all practical purposes there is no technical support. They do not even provide a tech support phone number to call. You can contact them from the web site when they provide you with a useless ticket number. Instead they direct to Quicken User Communities. After taking your money, they want other users of Quickbooks to provide you with technical support!

6. So Intuit got your money, you got a buggy software with poor functionality, and no technical support. You cannot even do now what you were able to do in an earlier version. You paid money to go from a functioning product to a buggy software.

What a trade off! Basically Intuit screwed you.

Purchasing Quicken is, of course, just the beginning of the upgrade ordeal. Real nightmare starts when you start getting all those error messages. After you install Quicken 2009, you will find that it has become cluttered with useless features that you do not even need. At the end you are left with the feeling: Intuit has screwed me.

Every time you deal with Intuit, you will be left with a bad taste and hate for this company. Not only they blackmail you into upgrading, every time you have to pay the full price of newer version, there is no upgrade price. And you can get Quicken cheaper at Amazon than buying from Intuit directly.

I hate dealing with Intuit and dumped their Turbotax for Taxact in 2004 and was planning to dump Quicken for Mint. And now they have purchased Mint! What are the alternatives to Quicken? Please leave your response in the comments section and help us dump Quicken.
Intuit is a despicable company now. This is the same that company came out with really functional and reasonably priced products in early 1990's like Quicken, Quickbooks & Turbotax.

But somewhere in late 1990's this company was taken over by the same crooks who run the Wall Street. Instead of attracting users to upgrade to their product's new versions by improving them, like Apple does, the nitwits at Intuit blackmail you to upgrade to newer versions of Intuit products by taking away the functionality of earlier versions. For example they are blackmailing users into upgrading to Quicken 2009 by dropping support for online banking in earlier versions; and to Quickbooks 2009 by dropping support for payroll in earlier versions.

Now Intuit's motto is to gouge the customers as much as they can by hook or crook (mostly) by extorting them to upgrade to a poorly functional and buggy newer version.

1. They are forcing Quicken users to upgrade to 2009 version by blackmailing them: dropping support for online banking in earlier versions.

2. The newer version, Quicken 2009, is poorly functioning & buggy (as detailed by other reviewers too), not a better product.  The program shuts down every time I try to accept an individual downloaded transaction. The only way to stop that is to click on "Accept all"

2. Periodically the programs refuses to read the file and I have to restore the backup file. I used to backup once a month with earlier versions and now I do it every time I exit the program.

4. Online support to download transactions is also limited: for example I cannot download transactions for my credit card from Charles Schwab Bank.

5. After the upgrade they provide very limited technical support. For all practical purposes there is no technical support. They do not even provide a tech support phone number to call. You can contact them from the web site when they provide you with a useless ticket number. Instead they direct to Quicken User Communities. After taking your money, they want other users of Quickbooks to provide you with technical support!

6. So Intuit got your money, you got a buggy software with poor functionality, and no technical support. You cannot even do now what you were able to do in an earlier version. You paid money to go from a functioning product to a buggy software.

What a trade off! Basically Intuit screwed you.

Purchasing Quicken is, of course, just the beginning of the upgrade ordeal. Real nightmare starts when  you start getting all those error messages.  After you install Quicken 2009, you will find that it has become cluttered with useless features that you do not even need.  At the end you are left with the feeling: Intuit has screwed me.

Every time you deal with Intuit, you will be left with a bad taste and hate for this company.  Not only they blackmail you into upgrading, every time you have to pay the full price of newer version, there is no upgrade price. And you can get Quicken cheaper at Amazon than buying from Intuit directly.

I hate dealing with Intuit and dumped their Turbotax for Taxact in 2004 and was planning to dump Quicken for Mint. And now they have purchased Mint!  What are the alternatives to Quicken? Please leave your response in the comments section and help us dump Quicken.
From the Intuit Support Web site: "To continue using QIF, you must continue to use an older version of Quicken (2004 or earlier). However, Intuit no longer supports these versions. Intuit strongly recommends that you upgrade to a current Quicken version."

From an email letter from Intuit: "As of April 30, 2007, Online Services and live technical support for Quicken 2004 will no longer be available. To maintain uninterrupted service, upgrade to Quicken 2007."

So, if you want the features that you use, you must use the older version. However, as of April, Intuit will discontinue functionality of other features in the hopes that they can force you to pay them more money to get a product with less functionality.  Rotten business practices and low-class approach to software development.  Note that none of the "new" features of Quicken 2007 are enticing enough to get users to upgrade without the bullying tactics.

Buy Microsoft Money instead.
Every year (since 1995) I have been forced to upgrade to the latest and greatest Quickbooks version.  Each year they move around the menus and refresh the icons so they can call it an upgrade.  The truth is that there is very little new functionality in the 2013 QB for Mac that wasn't already present in the Windows based product in 1995.  In the last 4 years there have been no new features in QB Mac that benefitted my business.

The new "Getting Started" features are of no value to existing customers.  Why do we have to buy an upgrade for features we will never use?  The only reason I upgrade is because the old version refuses to run on my newer Mac OS version.  Isn't this planned obsolescence just to sell upgrades?

It seems to me that Quickbooks should be sold as an annual subscription, not a product sale.  The forced upgrades for compatibility make it feel like I am buying a subscription that will stop working within a year if I do not renew.
My 2008 Home and Business version will become crippled in late April according to Intuit.
I paid for a working piece of software.
An upgrade should be purchased because the new version has features and improvements that you are willing to pay for, not because the company decides they need more money and will disable the software and make it very difficult to use by crippling the ability to automatically download data from your banks.
While I am undecided as yet to cave in to Intuits demands to upgrade, I do strongly disagree with this kind of policy of forcing their paying customers to belly up the money or we turn off the best features of the program they paid for.
I believe that unless Intuit reconsiders this policy they will find themselves being forced out of the financial software market.
They do have a good product, that I have used for years, but I am, and will continue, to explore other options in light of this companies policy to force it's customers to spend their money on Intuits terms.
Problems:
1. Bloatware - Intuit added complexity without functionality
2. Constant popups urging you to buy buy buy intuit. Intuit lowered the price point to encourage upgrade only to decrease functionality and force you to buy buy buy more services from them.
3. Decreased functionality versus 2010 version
4. No customer support just added pressure to buy buy buy more services

Stay away...

THERE NEEDS TO BE A BETTER SOFTWARE PRODUCT TO MANAGES SMALL BUSINESSES

MICROSOFT WHERE ARE YOU?

PEACHTREE WHERE ARE YOU????
Intuit has a "sunset policy" in the license agreement of only providing support for 3 years. I understand the sunset concept, the manufacturer can't support a product forever, however that is not what Intuit's policy is limited to...

What you need to realize is that after 3 years, they DISABLE key functionality of the software, forcing you to upgrade to the next version.

I was a SATISFIED user with Quicken 2004.  However, I had to upgrade because Intuit disabled the key functionality of being able to download transactions from my bank.

Instead of forcing me to upgrade with a "timebomb policy" how about creating a product that I want to upgrade to?

Imagine if Honda came to your house and disabled your car after 3 years?

Look for other software solutions!  Don't become an Intuit crack addict.

Topic 12: year 0.04755 deluxe 0.03315 turbotax 0.03022 free 0.01782 price 0.01551 premier 0.01501 block 0.0142 pay 0.01369 cost 0.01159 tt 0.01062
 How Many: 26822
As many people have written, I too am disappointed in how Intuit rolled out their product change in handling investment income (i.e., Schedule D) this year in TurboTax Deluxe.  I have been a loyal user of TurboTax Deluxe since this product has come out many years ago, but I am befuddled as to how this change was implemented.  However, unlike most who are upset at the product change, I will focus on a slightly different point.

Several times in January 2015, I received an email which promoted the various TurboTax products for $15 off.  On Amazon, Deluxe was selling for $38.99 (regular price $59.99) and Premier was selling for $53.99 (regular price $89.99).  So, regular priced, Premier is $30 higher.  But, this promotion has Premier selling for $15 higher ($53.99 less $38.99).

About half-way through doing my 2014 taxes on Deluxe, I was very much surprised that one cannot handle investment income in TurboTax 2014 Deluxe anymore (this differs from all the past years).  So, if you sold any stock, you cannot use Deluxe!  If I had known of this, I would have just paid $15 more and just bought Premier.  Some others could get upset that Intuit changed their product, but I can respect that it's their right.  However, not only was this not clearly communicated, the obnoxious pop-up within Deluxe is asking for a payment of $30 to upgrade to Premier.  Yes, once "snookered" into buying Deluxe, you have to pay more than if you just bought Premier originally (by $15).

After doing some research, I called into Customer Support and no surprise, they are getting the flood of irate customers calling about this.  And now, splashed all over the place is an apology and a $25 rebate offer.  Even in their apology, they missed it again.  They should just offer the $30 difference as refund, instead of nickeling and diming customers who were misled by $5.  Only filers who used Deluxe in 2013 and had to upgrade to Premier in 2014 is being offered this $25 refund (i.e., those people who would have been most misled by the product change).

Said another way, a loyal user was blind-sided by an abrupt change, is going to pay $30 to upgrade (when it would only have cost $15 more before, which I would have paid if I had known of this change), and then will get $25 back as a refund. Is $5 really worth all this???  Tsk, tsk.  Shame, shame.

Later addendum: On January 28, 2015, I am adding the following comments:

I happened to log back into Amazon and to add further insult to injury, Intuit has raised the prices for their products after offering this "apology refund of $25".  I am assuming this increase in pricing was due to offset their supposed $25 apology.  To recap, the original pricing was ($59.99 for Deluxe and $89.99 for Premier).  The promotion was $15 through the end of January 31, and on January 26, when I purchased Deluxe (again, not aware that Schedule C and D were deleted, unlike the many, many years before), the pricing was $38.99 for Deluxe and $53.99 for Premier (so Premier was $15 more).  After the splash apologies posted on the Amazon website, and the emails Intuit sent directly to us, and the deluge of angry callers into their customer call center, they made a website for this rebate: [...] for that refund apology.  But, they have RAISED the pricing to $48.36 for Deluxe and $74.99 for Premier after this refund offer.  The difference is now $26.63 between the products, raised from $15.  And they raised Deluxe by $9.37 and Premier by $21.

Again, this is despite still being in the promotional period until January 31.  Facepalm...  What kind of apology is it, if they offer you $25 refund, after trying to bait-and-switch us after a $15 promotional off offer, then having us upgrade with a hidden $30 upgrade charge, then they raise prices again AFTER this apology?  Really, one mistake after another.  Really shakes one's confidence in their supposed loyalty to their customers.

I will close this with the closing of Sasan Goodarzi's (General Manager of Intuit TurboTax) email apology: "Our customers are the heartbeat of every TurboTax employee.  Our hope is that we can regain your trust and demonstrate that our commitment to you has never been stronger."

Please note that after this emailed apology and $25 rebate, that they RAISED prices.  Sigh.  Just simply, sigh.
I was about to buy TurboTax as I have been for the last 10-12 years. Then I saw all the negative reviews. You should read Janet Novack's article today from Forbes, http://www.forbes.com/sites/janetnovack/2015/01/09/irate-turbotax-users-can-get-free-upgrades-or-block-substitute/?partner=yahootix
I recently bought Intuit Stock(INTU) thinking it would be a good investment. Within the last few weeks I got Intuit's Proxy Statement/Vote and noticed that their CEO earned over $16.5M for 2014, over $4M than the year before, most of the increase was Option Awards. That's nearly a 25% increase in one year, how many of you have gotten that kind of raise this year or ever? I voted my disapproval of Executive Compensation and intend on selling my stock Monday Morning. I would call what Intuit TurboTax Deluxe has done by removing their support for electronically file a Schedule D, for capital gains and losses; Schedule C, for profit and loss from a sole proprietorship business; Schedule E, for rental real estate, royalties and distributions from partnerships; or Schedule D, for farm income pure Corporate greed.
There have been numerous negative reviews of changes made in 2014 TurboTax Deluxe, but many do not specify the deficiencies. When putting the program through its paces, I found that the program does just what it used to do with respect to the basics:

- It imports information from the prior year and guides you through the more basic aspects of tax computations;  and
- It accepts information that is placed on Schedule B, Interest and Ordinary Dividends - the kind of information you receive on a 1099-OID or 1099-DIV.

However, if you need to include Schedule D in your income tax return TurboTax Deluxe 2014 won't help you. Form 1099-B requires you to include capital gains and losses. When you attempt to insert these figures, TurboTax 2014 informs you that you must upgrade to TurboTax Premier to do so. In contrast, TurboTax Deluxe 2013 handled the Schedule D amounts requirements.

TurboTax did not cut its price to reflect the downgraded capability. The Deluxe edition's list price in 2013 was $59. For 2014, Deluxe still runs you $59 list price. But to obtain the same capability in 2014 as Deluxe provided in 2013, you need to buy the Premier edition, at a cost of $89. That amounts to a one-year price increase of 50%.

Those of you who don't need to file Schedule D will have no price increase since you can continue to use Deluxe. And those who do need to file Schedule D can of course complete their own taxes using Premier for less than the price charged by a tax preparation service.

While I have never used HR Block's software, it appears that their Deluxe program will cover Schedule D amounts - everything that TurboTax Premier does - for only $31.31 (Amazon price).  Even their Premier version, which handles things like advanced help for self-employment income and rental property income, is only $41. So TurboTax users will have to decide:  is it worth the extra $58 to not have to learn the HR Block program?  Or will you vote with your wallet and move over to the less expensive product?  I would guess that this is the year that HR Block will take a big bite out of TurboTax's market share.
We probably don't need any of the missing Schedules this year, but will not purchase and support INTUIT products in response to its gross disregard for its loyal customer base nonetheless. We switched to H&R Block's product.

For 20 years we counted on TurboTax Deluxe to handle whatever our filing demanded - through scads of 1099s, income from rental property, sale of property, and pre-retirement distribution/s from "vested" Roth IRAs; their product allowed us the security of knowing that we could sit down and do our taxes. No "surprises," no "failures" -- but NO MORE.

Went with the H&R Block Deluxe Federal E-file + State CD pkg for $32 on Amazon Jan 17. Price does fluctuate; went up to $41 Jan 18, and down to $32 Jan 19. So it can be had for a very reasonable price - and manage to provide all the functionality TurboTax Deluxe used to offer.

(Per Janet Novack's article in Forbes: "you can no longer use Deluxe to electronically file a Schedule D , for capital gains and losses; Schedule C, for profit and loss from a sole proprietorship business; Schedule E, for rental real estate, royalties and distributions from partnerships; or Schedule F, for farm income. While you can report dividends and mutual fund capital gain distributions through Deluxe, investors who sold any stock or assets need to trade up to TurboTax Premier [list $99.99, selling for $89.99 through TurboTax's site and $79.97 on Amazon] to E-file. For a sole proprietorship with more than $100 of deductions in certain categories, even Premier won't do. To E-file, you'll need TurboTax Home & Business [lists at $109.99, selling for $99.99 on TurboTax and $89.97 on Amazon].")

 ** Update: 3 weeks later - Yay Consumer Power. Intuit has gotten the message! **
  Intuit really messed-up; losing customer confidence and loyalty. Until this massive debacle, we never had reason to consider a different tax program. Now that we have used H&R Block's Deluxe program (which costs less than TTD) and found it great to use, we may stick with H&R Block.

TurboTax Deluxe used to be the "one stop shop" for the vast majority of people. And among that majority there are years where someone might need one of those missing forms and other years when they don't. No one wants to invest in a headache when it comes to tax filing software.

We won't return to TurboTax Deluxe until they actually restore full functionality to Deluxe, including all the missing forms, so there is no need for any upgrade -- "free" or "rebated" (even the rebate offer has people rankled, since the upgrade costs MORE than it gives back).
We will not accept Intuit's mea culpa this year (already went with H&R Block Deluxe). Intuit will have to win us back to get us back.
It was market reaction and negative reviews that brought Intuit to its knees within the past three weeks. Consumers should keep-up the pressure to ensure the product is restored to its former functionality and stays that way.
Shifted over to Turbotax Deluxe last year (2013)just to get a product made by the same company as Quicken Mac.  Prior to that I had been using TaxCut (HR Block) for 10+ years.  I found the products to be similar and both gave the same result and refund.  Now getting ready to buy for 2014 taxes and find by the many reviews that Turbotax Deluxe does not cover filing of Schedule D (efile) and as a result I must buy Turbotax Premier which is $40 more than HR Block.  I am one of those that is shifting back to HR Block Deluxe.

Intuit let me know when you plan to revise Turbotax Deluxe to support Schedule D filing.  Your greediness lost another customer

Update after using HRBlock 2014. Very happy I shifted over to HRBlock from Turbotax.
Bought HRBlock Deluxe for 2014 after using Turbotax for several years and Taxcut before that. I shifted over to HRBlock (used to be Taxcut) after reading many Turbtax reviews that you can no longer use TT Deluxe for Sched D efiling for the 2014 version. TT requires you to buy TT Premier at a cost that is 2x that of HRBlock Deluxe. I found HRBlock excellent. It imported last year Turbotax files as well as Quicken for Mac 2015 files without error. I found HR Block easier to use and the import was more complete than Turbtax (TT) deluxe. I am very happy with the shift to HRBlock. All of my fears of shifting tax software were unfounded. TT has gotten greedy and others should consider letting the market send a loud no buy message to Intuit (TT parent).
We probably won't need any of the missing Schedules this year, but will not purchase and support INTUIT products in response to its gross disregard for its loyal customer base nonetheless. We switched to H&R Block's product.

For 20 years we counted on TurboTax Deluxe to handle whatever our filing demanded - through scads of 1099s, income from rental property, sale of property, and pre-retirement distribution/s from "vested" Roth IRAs; their product allowed us the security of knowing that we could sit down and do our taxes. No "surprises," no "failures" -- but NO MORE.

Went with the H&R Block Deluxe Federal E-file + State CD pkg (for $32 on Amazon Jan 17; up to $41 on Amazon Jan 18).

(Per Janet Novack's article in Forbes: "you can no longer use Deluxe to electronically file a Schedule D , for capital gains and losses; Schedule C, for profit and loss from a sole proprietorship business; Schedule E, for rental real estate, royalties and distributions from partnerships; or Schedule F, for farm income. While you can report dividends and mutual fund capital gain distributions through Deluxe, investors who sold any stock or assets need to trade up to TurboTax Premier [list $99.99, selling for $89.99 through TurboTax's site and $79.97 on Amazon] to E-file. For a sole proprietorship with more than $100 of deductions in certain categories, even Premier won't do. To E-file, you'll need TurboTax Home & Business [lists at $109.99, selling for $99.99 on TurboTax and $89.97 on Amazon].")

 ** Update: 3 weeks later - Yay Consumer Power. Intuit has gotten the message! **
  Intuit really messed-up; losing customer confidence and loyalty. Until this massive debacle, we never had reason to consider a different tax program. Now that we have used H&R Block's Deluxe program (which costs less than TTD) and found it great to use, we may stick with H&R Block.

TurboTax Deluxe used to be the "one stop shop" for the vast majority of people. And among that majority there are years where someone might need one of those missing forms and other years when they don't. No one wants to invest in a headache when it comes to tax filing software.

We won't return to TurboTax Deluxe until they actually restore full functionality to Deluxe, including all the missing forms, so there is no need for any upgrade -- "free" or "rebated" (even the rebate offer has people rankled, since the upgrade costs MORE than it gives back).
We will not accept Intuit's mea culpa this year (already went with H&R Block Deluxe). Intuit will have to win us back to get us back.
It was market reaction and negative reviews that brought Intuit to its knees within the past three weeks. Consumers should keep-up the pressure to ensure the product is restored to its former functionality and stays that way.
BAMBOOZLED.
TurboTax, add me to the list of former customers. I've been a loyal customer for so many years I can't even remember how long, and I've been a staunch ambassador for your product. You now have basically DOUBLED the price of your software for anyone who uses a Schedule C, without really making it clear to customers that the software will not function for Sch C AT ALL without a paid upgrade. No opportunity to override and forge ahead without TurboTax assistance. Just a dead stop in the middle of tax preps.
I wish I'd read the reviews before purchasing, but I, like many, have trusted TurboTax in the past and felt like I could continue to order the same product level I have in the past, without the need to read reviews. I knew your product and was comfortable with it. More importantly, I knew your reputation. Clearly, I was wrong.

What I see now is a shady attempt to squeeze more money from your loyal and new customers. Epic Fail.

You'll note the chart provided on Amazon lists Sch C on the Deluxe features (with a caveat of "limited"), so the response that you are now providing the countless customers who are posting negative reviews with the same complaints amounts to nothing but lame excuses.

So here's my review: Deceptive. Greedy. Unforgiveable. Inexcusable. Useless.

The good news for unsatisfied customers is that H&R Block is providing free comparable software ($44.95 value) to the irate TurboTax customers who feel deceived by Intuit's latest move. Get details here:
http://www.msn.com/en-us/money/personalfinance/irate-turbotax-users-can-get-free-upgrades-or-jump-ship/ar-AA7Y2U9

The story is being picked up by numerous financial and software publications and shared across the web, and will undoubtedly lead to a massive loss to TurboTax, not only this year but permanently.

Greed is not good. Goodbye, TurboTax. Hello, H&R Block.

Signed, another former TurboTax customer.

P.S. How's that greedy bait and switch working out for you?
Thank you fellow reviewers for alerting me to the fact that TT is no longer Deluxe but simple, albeit at the same price. I was about to order as I have the previous 10 years when I saw the review rating whick peaked my curiosity. As a result this year I will be looking at a different Tax Preperation package. To call this package "DELUXE" is the epitomy of "Bait and Switch" I certainly hope that the resultant drop in revenue rings someone's bell at Intuits Corporate Hqs. Had the price increased by 10 bucks no big deal, but to sucker consumers into purchasing a package that has not changed in a decade and then charging them an outrageous price to upgrade just to add a few forms borders on fraud. Thanks to the reviews I was spared the expense and resultant frustration. The competition must be ecstatic.
After using TurobTax Deluxe for years and being satisfied with the Q & A function, I now have read the changes that TurboTax has implemented to remove Schedules from Deluxe.

http://www.kiplinger.com/article/taxes/T056-C005-S003-many-turbotax-desktop-users-will-have-to-pay-more.html

http://www.forbes.com/sites/kellyphillipserb/2015/01/08/tax-software-wars-heat-up-as-turbotax-makes-a-change/

http://www.bankrate.com/financing/taxes/turbotax-changes-could-cost-filers/

http://www.mouseprint.org/2015/01/06/warning-for-turbotax-users/

This is the Edsel / New Coke of marketing decisions!  Time to move over to H R Block.

Suggest you drop a note to Bob Meighan, VP TurboTax letting him know the customers they are losing due to this decision.

Steve Swanberg
I have been buying TurboTax Deluxe since at least tax year 2000, which is as far back as I have records.  I bought TurboTax/MacInTax in years before that.  I have been generally happy with the product, though there was that incident in 2008 when Intuit tried to charge $10 for every return printed.  After a ton of negative feedback, including mine, and after they "updated" their product on Amazon to erase 269 one-star reviews out of 290, and after their competition (H&R Block) changed their product to offer five free e-files, Intuit reversed their policy change in December 2008 and went back to allowing unlimited printing of returns.

Well, they're at it again.

For all those years, the Deluxe product had all the forms I needed, including Schedule C and E in their full glory.  The other versions of the software (Premier and Home & Business) always promised more help with those schedules, but I was perfectly happy with Deluxe.  And so it has been for the past 14 years.  Until now.

Now "Deluxe" is no longer deluxe.  It has been severely crippled by taking out those schedules and many more.  If I want the same functionality that I have had for the past 14 years, this year I would have to buy TurboTax Home & Business, for $80 instead of $50 for "Deluxe".

I can buy H&R Block's Deluxe software, which includes all of the schedules, for $30 here.  Back in 2008 I bought both TurboTax Deluxe and H&R Block's TaxCut (as it was called at the time), and used both in order to compare them.  I came to the conclusion that TurboTax was a little bit better, mainly due to the side-by-side column view of last year and this year.  So since they did realize the error of their ways and repaired their customer relations faux pas, I continued to use TurboTax since then.

However that is not enough for me to bend over this year for Intuit.

This year I am buying the highly rated H&R Block Tax Software Deluxe.  I will not be buying TurboTax anything.  Myself and my family will have a nice Thai food dinner with the difference.

There are several complaints here about Intuit trying to deceive customers by offering a product with the same name as previous years and at the same price, but with drastically reduced capabilities.  To be fair, they do have the note near the top of the Amazon page: "TurboTax has changed this year. Use the product comparison chart to find the right TurboTax software for your tax situation".  On the other hand, they have always had such comparison charts that recommended Premier or Home & Business for tax situations that required those forms, yet Deluxe always had those forms.  So Intuit has been training us for years to ignore those comparison charts.  I came close to being tricked and one-click buying the product I have bought for the last 14 years.  Fortunately I noticed the reviews and saw many reports of the people who were tricked, so I was saved.  Thank you reviewers, and thank you Amazon for this awesome review function.

Anyway, Intuit did put in a feeble attempt to warn the customers.  However if they really didn't want to trick customers with a bait and switch, they would have RENAMED THE PRODUCT.

It is perfectly within Intuit's rights to charge 60% more for the same functionality as last year.  It is perfectly within my rights to not buy it.  Bye bye Bob.

For your reference and entertainment, you can read my review of TurboTax 2008 vs. TaxCut 2008 here: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B001GL6QHS/ .  Mine is the first review that shows up.  Included in that review are my earlier rants on the charge-per-return and on the erasure of the negative reviews.
