
Topic 0: quicken 0.04962 data 0.01731 transactions 0.01013 like 0.00904 program 0.00902 just 0.0088 transaction 0.00809 new 0.00752 account 0.00733 way 0.00725
 How Many: 26822
I finally decided to upgrade to Quicken 2009 H&B from Quicken-6, which I've used reliably for 13 years.  After upgrading, I was so appalled by Q2009 that I decided to download MS Money 2009 and convert my original database from Quicken-6 to MSM2009 in order to produce a readable report.  That is, a full transaction listing, subtotaled by category and subcategory, with subtotals delineated at the bottom of each transaction group, and groups separated by blank lines to make it all readable.  Is that too much to ask?  Unfortunately, in Q2009, to report transactions subtotaled by category, you are given an expandable tree of the categories, which you can click to expand downwards to subcategories and transactions, with all subtotals at the top of each group, and no spacing to make it readable, so all numbers are always in one long unbroken list. At the Quicken user forum, their experts just advise complainants to export their report to MS Excel, then cut and paste.
  Bugs I've noticed so far include random behavior in the expandable-tree report: it doesn't always remember which branches you expanded, the expand and contract buttons do not always work, clicking on a transaction highlights it in dark blue that hides the whole line, and the scroll wheel gets stuck to the report subtotal selection so I keep inadvertently flipping through formats while trying to scroll down the report.  The print function forgets your page mode, no longer has the original fit-to-page option, and previews pages with the header missing followed by phantom pages with just the header.
  On the other hand, it turns out MS money is no gem either.  Transaction reports in MSM2009 group subcategories nicely, but all subtotals are just another non-labelled entry at the bottom of each group, with no visual separation from the transaction amounts.  The visuals and navigation are notably worse than Q2009, and neither Q2009 nor MS-Money2009 allow you to flag a tax-related transaction as being off-year (such as a charitable donation in January, or a rent check prepared at the end of December).  Amazingly, MSM2009 has no print preview at all, and you cannot create a subcategory of a subcategory.  MSM2009 has bugs, such as that jumping back to a report after an edit makes a top transaction appear out of order at the bottom of its sorted category, reports seem to randomly list either expenses or income first, and seem to randomly alphabatize categories either upwards or downwards.  Exporting to Excel gives you all subtotals appearing in all columns, eliciting a complaint at their user forum as far back as 2004 and still not fixed.
  Both are flawed, but after a few weeks working the same database on both I find myself choosing the constant annoyance of MSM2009 over the constant headache of Q2009.
Annoying need to pull down menus, then a sub-menu for repetitive tasks when there used to be keyboard shortcuts.  We need the ability to assign keyboard shortcuts or function keys for the tasks we use most often.  Also, I very often want to search and find transactions based either on a word or two in the payee name or memo, or by category, or by exact dollar amount.  Extremely irritating is that there is no keyboard shortcut to do so, and when the search window pops up, I have to constantly re-set the choices for either payee, dollar amount, etc.  It should be that if I highlight any field in a transaction, that when the search window opens, that type of field is already selected. For example:  click on an amount field, then the search window opens with the amount choice already selected.  But wait, there is more... The most irritating thing that happens is that when the results window opens for a search, that the transaction date column is too narrow to read, even when I maximize the computer window.  I have a 15.6" wide screen, couldn't Quicken widen that item a little more?
I have been using MS Money for several years.  It went out of production a few years ago, and I finally took the plunge to Quicken 2013.  Loading my previous transactions was easy.  Using the product has been frustrating.  I feel that MS Money has a much better interface.  I have very basic needs for a product like this - I just want to view and manage my accounts as simply as possible.  I am not into debt reduction planning, investment recommendations, frequent stock trading, online account reconciliation, etc.

The main screen has a little gear icon that appears in 3 different places.  It is called Customize Toolbar, Options, and Manage Accounts at various places on the screen.  The Help shows the icon when you look for a function.  I clicked the wrong gear icon the first few times, not noticing that there were several of the same icons on the screen.  This seems like basic user interface design to me.

I looked for help on how to set up a paycheck.  The Help topic says to select the "Planning" tab.  The actual tab name is "Plan".  I found it eventually, but only after I guessed what the Help text really meant.

I have not found a way to hide accounts that are no longer active.  My default main view shows me every account.  Most of the accounts that appear have $0 balances because they are closed.  The only way I can remove them from the list is if I close the account permanently in Quicken - an operation that cannot be undone.  I don't understand why I cannot choose to reopen an account at some future time.  Choosing the "Hide account name in account bar and account list" option does not hide the account in the list of accounts on the main page.  Maybe it hides the account from some other account list.  I could probably create a custom view that includes only the specific accounts that I want to see.  However, I would really like to create a view that shows only Open accounts.  That way, when I close an account it will disappear automatically - less work for me.  By comparison, in MS Money I can right-click an account and choose "Account is Closed" to make the account disappear from my main list.  There is an easy way to reopen the account if I change my mind later.

I thought Quicken would be the mature, polished product in this space.  So far, it seems less friendly and more difficult to configure.  I really want to like it, but I think MS Money is a better/easier product for my needs.
1) You cannot choose your own colors.  They give you a choice of several pre-defined color schemes, all of which are guaranteed to hurt your eyes.  Intuit, I purposely chose my preferred colors in Windows Control Panel, please use them (and that includes for the "Web-Page" views like the start screen).
2) You can only see one view of your data at a time.  The "Window" menu is simply not there.  So you can forget about looking at your checking account and your loan account registers at the same time.
3) You cannot rely on your keyboard to navigate the views.  This means that you have to repeatedly switch between your mouse and your keyboard as you enter data.
4) Reports are consistenly displayed with columns that are not wide enough to show your data (even the Date field).  This means that you have to manually adjust the columns every time you generate a brand-new report.
5) In the registers, a new window appears at the bottom to display your "Bills & Scheduled Transactions".  There is an option to turn off this annoyance, but the next time you start Quicken you can rest assured that it will be back to take up valuable screen space.
6) On the start page, your "Bills & Scheduled Transactions" section will show upcoming bills too soon and some of them will be flagged as overdue even though that is simply not True.
7) After years and years of upgrades, and now Quicken 2002 itself is on bugfix #2, it's amazing that their user interface is still so bad.  I shudder to think that the people at Intuit are actually proud of it.
8) The application in general is a resource pig, filled with too many gimmicks (such as unsolicited advertising).
1) You cannot choose your own colors.  They give you a choice of several pre-defined color schemes, all of which are guaranteed to hurt your eyes.  Intuit, I purposely chose my preferred colors in Windows Control Panel, please use them (and that includes for the "Web-Page" views like the start screen).
2) You can only see one view of your data at a time.  The "Window" menu is simply not there.  So you can forget about looking at your checking account and your loan account registers at the same time.
3) You cannot rely on your keyboard to navigate the views.  This means that you have to repeatedly switch between your mouse and your keyboard as you enter data.
4) Reports are consistenly displayed with columns that are not wide enough to show your data (even the Date field).  This means that you have to manually adjust the columns every time you generate a brand-new report.
5) In the registers, a new window appears at the bottom to display your "Bills & Scheduled Transactions".  There is an option to turn off this annoyance, but the next time you start Quicken you can rest assured that it will be back to take up valuable screen space.
6) On the start page, your "Bills & Scheduled Transactions" section will show upcoming bills too soon and some of them will be flagged as overdue even though that is simply not True.
7) After years and years of upgrades, and now Quicken 2002 itself is on bugfix #2, it's amazing that their user interface is still so bad.  I shudder to think that the people at Intuit are actually proud of it.
8) The application in general is a resource pig, filled with too many gimmicks (such as unsolicited advertising).
If you haven't updated yet to Quicken Premiere 2012 Rel 3 from an earlier release, DON'T! What kind of financial management program doesn't have a reliable budget planning process with lots of enhancement tools? Well, this one doesn't.

Two ways are offered to create a new budget. Regardless of creating a 2012 budget automatically or with the complete enumeration of categories from which to build from scratch, the income and expense categories I select are not saved and only a portion of those categories display in the budget. While I had seen a blog answer that a workaround is to select categories from the "All Categories" list, that works only if you don't have to add or delete a category. If you add or delete a category, most of the other categories, both income and expense, disappear.

Additionally, when I make a FROM transfer under Income from one of my IRA accounts so that it displays as part of my income, the result does not add to the monthly income total. The same can be said for TO transfer transactions under Expenses. For example, the payment on a loan displays correctly under Expenses as TO (i.e. the lender), but the amount does not add to the month's Expense totals, only to the year-end total.

Yet another annoyance is the fact there are several categories included in any new budget you create that you cannot delete, and that includes basic Categories such as Income and Expenses. So you end up with two Income and Expenses categories displaying with no way of deleting one of them. And then there's a Business Expense Category that you get whether you like it or not.

After two days of endless trials and errors, I got the same erratic and unpredictable results. Without reliable budget planning tools, where's the value in the rest of the program? If you can't see or analyze where your money is coming from or going what's the purpose?

I tried just about everything to get the categories to display correctly and, failing that, never got to editing budget entries. As it stands, The 2012 budget planning tools produce erratic and unreliable results and are, therefore, useless and render the entire application unacceptable.

Unless you like a challenge and plenty of frustration, you'll save yourself a lot of time that can be better spent on planning with whatever Quicken version you may have that has worked for you and with which you're familiar. Better planning tools are only BETTER if they work as advertised. In this case, Quicken Premiere 2012 doesn't come close to meeting customer expectations.
If there was another comprehensive product on the market I would switch.  There a numerous bugs in the product that have existed for years.  I regularly get data corruption - reconcile an account one month and the next month, inexplicably, the opening balance is wrong.  As a result I have numerous "Balance adjustments" thru the register and I cannot trust the balance reported for prior points in time.  Delete a transaction and the register ALWAYS repositions at the end of the register, truly annoying.  Transaction types in the investment register are different if you are in the overall register vs. editing 1 transaction.  If you start a transaction in the register and go to the edit transaction sub-window, the cursor always bounces to the transaction date field.  Sometimes Enter/New" is available, sometimes it isn't.  Reconcile accounts always picks multiple transactions as reconciled - you have to "mark all" then "clear all" to be able to do transaction at a time reconciliation, and for some unknown reason the date order of the transactions is from most current at top to oldest at bottom - I don't know any statement that lists transactions in this order.  If you mark a transaction as "cleared" it becomes impossible to remove the setting without deleting the transaction and reentering it.  If you accidentally delete a transaction in one register that is part of a transfer and the transaction in the other register has been reconciled, you will likely corrupt the source register,
Latest glitch - when reconciling an investment register, clicking a transaction to set it as reconciled causes the reconcile window to minimize and bounces you back to the register.  The only way to stay in the reconcile window is to close the register after starting reconciliation.
BTW, know that every bank, credit card, and investment transaction you download goes thru a Quicken server - they get a record of everything you do...
My view - Quicken management keeps "improving" the product by adding worthless "features" and has no interest in fixing bad code and the design of the product. I hate the product and use it ONLY because I have not found any other viable option.  I looked at AceMoney but they do not support importing split transactions very well and would have required manually entering years of history.
I have used Quicken 2001 for a while now. I really liked it. I finally broke down and decided to update to Quicken 2004. I am really disappinted with several features.
First, The 2001 version had a "net savings" category in the "income and expense graph." This festure keeps tracks of how much money you are saving and it is date customizable. This feature is gone in the 2004 version, YIKES!!! It is replaced by a silly 30 day savings feature that is not date customizable. I used the 2001 net savings feature to keep track of my spending habits and my savings. Quicken 2001 helped me save at least 30% of my income. Apparently the makers of the 2004 version do not want you to know how much money you are saving in a quick and efficient way. Am I supposed to use a paper and a pen to manually calculate the amount of money I save?
Second, I track my asset allocation in Quicken and the 2001 and 2004 versions still suffer from the lack of a MID-CAP category for asset allocation models. Quicken divides asset allocation into large-cap and small-cap. What the heck is that? It is about time that Quicken realizes that there is a mid-cap category in asset allocation models. To think that Quicken has not fixed this glaring problem since 2001 is simply amazing.
Third, Quicken 2004 does not allow you to put your computer in STAND-BY. Are you kidding me? What the heck is that? Who wrote that software? When your computer tries to shut down it tells you that Quicken does not support stand-by mode. AMAZING!!!
This version is a complete waste of money. Luckily, I have backed up my 2001 Quicken files BEFORE I updated to Quicken 2004. After one day of using this carppy update (or shall I call it downgrade), I went back to the 2001 version.
UPDATE: Since buying Quicken 2004, I went back and bought Quicken 2003 and 2002. I got them used and for cheap. I was hoping that the 2003 and 2002 verison will have the great "net savings" feature that the 2001 had. As always, I backed up my 2001 Quicken files in a temp file BEFORE upgrading. I REALLY encourage all buyers of Quicken to do that. This way you can go back to the original Quicken you used if you do not like the upgrade.
Quicken 2003 is almost identical to 2004. It has the same "cartoonish" graphics and DOES NOT have the "net savings" feature in the income/expense graph or the expense pie chart in the "my finance" page view. Overall, I was disappointed that Quicken would remove such a valuable feature that allows people to track their spending and save money in a quick and efficient way. It is as if Quicken wants to make it hard on you to track your savings.
Quicken 2002 does have the "net savings" feature on the pie chart, but when you click on the pie chart that feature disappears and you only get the pie chart with the expense category. HUH!!!! In the 2001 Quicken clicking on the net savings part of the pie chart will give you a net income by month 3D histograph.
After experimenting with the 02/03 Quicken, I went back to 2001 Delux Quicken. I will stick with the 2001 until something better comes along.
I have used Quicken 2001 for a while now. I really liked it. I finally broke down and decided to update to Quicken 2004. I am really disappinted with several features.
First, The 2001 version had a "net savings" category in the "income and expense graph." This festure keeps tracks of how much money you are saving and it is date customizable. This feature is gone in the 2004 version, YIKES!!! It is replaced by a silly 30 day savings feature that is not date customizable. I used the 2001 net savings feature to keep track of my spending habits and my savings. Quicken 2001 helped me save at least 30% of my income. Apparently the makers of the 2004 version do not want you to know how much money you are saving in a quick and efficient way. Am I supposed to use a paper and a pen to manually calculate the amount of money I save?
Second, I track my asset allocation in Quicken and the 2001 and 2004 versions still suffer from the lack of a MID-CAP category for asset allocation models. Quicken divides asset allocation into large-cap and small-cap. What the heck is that? It is about time that Quicken realizes that there is a mid-cap category in asset allocation models. To think that Quicken has not fixed this glaring problem since 2001 is simply amazing.
Third, Quicken 2004 does not allow you to put your computer in STAND-BY. Are you kidding me? What the heck is that? Who wrote that software? When your computer tries to shut down it tells you that Quicken does not support stand-by mode. AMAZING!!!
This version is a complete waste of money. Luckily, I have backed up my 2001 Quicken files BEFORE I updated to Quicken 2004. After one day of using this carppy update (or shall I call it downgrade), I went back to the 2001 version.
UPDATE: Since buying Quicken 2004, I went back and bought Quicken 2003 and 2002. I got them used and for cheap. I was hoping that the 2003 and 2002 verison will have the great "net savings" feature that the 2001 had. As always, I backed up my 2001 Quicken files in a temp file BEFORE upgrading. I REALLY encourage all buyers of Quicken to do that. This way you can go back to the original Quicken you used if you do not like the upgrade.
Quicken 2003 is almost identical to 2004. It has the same "cartoonish" graphics and DOES NOT have the "net savings" feature in the income/expense graph or the expense pie chart in the "my finance" page view. Overall, I was disappointed that Quicken would remove such a valuable feature that allows people to track their spending and save money in a quick and efficient way. It is as if Quicken wants to make it hard on you to track your savings.
Quicken 2002 does have the "net savings" feature on the pie chart, but when you click on the pie chart that feature disappears and you only get the pie chart with the expense category. HUH!!!! In the 2001 Quicken clicking on the net savings part of the pie chart will give you a net income by month 3D histograph.
After experimenting with the 02/03 Quicken, I went back to 2001 Delux Quicken. I will stick with the 2001 until something better comes along.
Why oh why did they update the Goals interface in 2015?
I can note several things wrong with the view of Savings Goals
1. You can't sort them, and now you have to scroll through pages and pages of "visual blocks", each one representing a goal and try and see if you can see the title of each "block" to know if it's the Savings Goal you're looking for. I've scrolled up and down the list several times trying to find the Goal I'm looking for until finally finding it. This is VERY frustrating
2. If your progress on a Goal is low, you can't see the amount of money already contributed to the goal because the amount numbers show inside the progress bar. If there isn't enough of a progress bar to fit the numbers in it, you can't see the amount. There is no other way to know unless you open the "withdraw" pop-up and then check each account that you've contributed to this goal from and add them in your head, or on a calculator. Useless.
3. The ability to scan across all goals and see most of goals (depending on how large your list is) like you could in 2012 is gone. No easily comparing accounts and where you might want to put extra money to allocate. You have to scroll pages and pages and pages and try and remember each amount to determine where you might stash the extra cash you have available to allocate to goals (similar problem with the scrolling as mentioned in #1)
4. If you've scrolled pages and pages to finally find the goal you're interested in and you want to edit it, you click the edit goal and nice pop up comes up similar to 2012. However whether you "ok" or "cancel", or even click the "red x" to close this pop up, it will return you to the goal list and refresh the entire view and return you to the top of the list. UGH! Now I have to scroll back down the list again to find the goal I was working on. HOW FRUSTRATING!

If you like working with the concept of Savings Goals like I do, stay away from this version like the plague!

Topic 1: support 0.04376 problem 0.02295 help 0.01921 hours 0.01563 time 0.01535 tried 0.01458 customer 0.01411 phone 0.01106 service 0.01061 error 0.01047
 How Many: 26822
Third night in a row calling Customer Service. First night I spoke with a woman (didn't record her name) who knew less about the program than I did. I was on the phone with her for approximately an hour and finally had to leave my house to go pick up a family member. She gave me a case number which she assured me I could use later to get a quick response. Second night I spoke with a man who said he would immediately transfer me to a Tier 2 specialist, but in fact, hung up on me. I called back and had the pleasure of speaking with Bobby, who, despite my requesting at least four times to be transferred, insisted I wait just a few more minutes for him to look here or there for a solution to my issue. By the time he agreed to transfer me (74 minutes into the call), lo and behold their Tax Advisor Department had been closed for 15 minutes. Tonight I have spoken to Chris and to Priscilla, both of whom agreed to transfer me to the Tax Advisor Department. I waited for about 20 minutes after Chris transferred me - I'm still on hold after Priscilla transferred me. Who'll take a bet that no one in that department picks up the phone tonight?
After spending four hours on the phone with customer support, they still weren't able to get the software to work properly.  The first three times that I called customer support, it took about five minutes each time simply to get through all of the prompts to the right department.  Then, the system produced a busy signal and hung up on me.  Only after I selected a different department was I able to find someone who directed the call to someone who was supposed to fix the problem.  After four hours with two different people using "Log Me In", nobody was able to get the problem fixed.  The last person told me that she needed to refer my call to another department, but that other department wouldn't accept her call!  I finally left my phone on hold while that person kept working on the problem, only to come back an hour later to find that she hung up on her end without getting it to work.  If you count that hour when I wasn't sitting on the phone, that was five hours of unsuccessful troubleshooting by Intuit.  There must be better business software packages out there.  Who can afford to waste that much time on this sort of thing?
wow - I went on line to speak to a rep (marnie) after 2 hours she said she could not help. Try calling the phone. I first talked to "Rachel" and to told her that Marnie to me to ask for supervisor immediately when I get throught. I waited 40 minutes to talk to Rachel who transferred me to Peter (another 33 minutes). Unfortunately Peter was in billing. Peter sent me with priority to the call center. After 41 minutes Janeish listened and said I will transfer you to a supervisor. The line went busy and disconnected. I am on hold right now for approx. 32 minutes.
used turbotax for several years. was happy with it.

this year had a problem.

tried to contact support via chat.
took 30 minutes before my turn. ok; things can take some tme.
one hour later i was still online chatting with some moron who asked me again and again what my issue was and how could they help me.
unbelieveable.
eventually they said they could not help me.
i asked if they would open it as a defect. they said they would and that i would be contacted within 2 days - that sounded good.  but, i was never contacted.

so, a week later i went to the live call.
waited 37 minutes before i got a person on a live call. i thought this would be great - it wasn't.
the person on the call was simply instant messaging some 'expert' somewhere - perhaps that expert was the first moron i was working with a week before...who knows.
guess what; an hour later i was still on the phone with this second moron who asked me again and again what the issue was and how to spell my name.  unbelieveable. also heard about how tired she was and how her feet hurt.  oh man....
eventually the person said they would issue a refund of my money and i would get an email within 24 hours stating that - that sounded good.  but, i never received that email.
and no, my issue was not resolved.

if you have a simple return, and are lucky enough to not have a problem with the product, then it is good.
on the other hand, if you have a problem with their product, good luck with that!

i still can't believe it......
My customer service experience with Intuit for Quickbooks has been horrendous. For one question I had, I spent over 10 min. on hold. The person I spoke to did not speak understandable English and disconnected with me before I even had a chance to ask my question. I called back spent another 3 min. on hold and the person who I spoke was rude before transferring me. I spent well over 30 min. on hold during the last call with a VERY nice rep who put me on hold multiple times. All this effort and she was not able to resolve t. The company sent me 2 emails asking me to review their customer service and issue resolution. I outlined my issue BOTH times and requested that I be contacted. I was never contacted and the issue was not resolved.

BTW...the purchase process was so EASY. I had no issues getting my product and they VERY happily took my money.

Overall, a very disheartening experience.
As other people have stated, my problem is not with the software directly but the customer service. My software was duplicating entries from my bank. I spent hours on the phone trying to get my issue resolved but, after 30 days of calling & speaking with countless reps my issue remained. First, I was told that someone in tech would be getting back to me about my issue in three days. I finally called back on the fifth day, yet no one seemed to know what I was talking about! Then, I started a new inquiry about my issue and was told that someone from tech would get back to me in three days. Quess what? Nothing! After that, I called back about a week later and was told that they were still working on the issue. I waited long enough. I finally called and got the return info for the software before my refund deadline ran out. I would love to state that they tried their best but, they did not. Most people I talked to did not speak fluent english and had no idea what I was talking about. They kept rehearsing what their manuel said word for word about tech issues. They would go through the whole thing and finally announce to me that a tech service person would get back to me.  I would love to rate this 5 stars but, until they hire more knowledgable staff, I cannot. I can't tell you how frustrating this has been as a new business owner.
By the way: Quickbooks need not reply that they are sorry I had this issue and they would be happy to resolve my issue if I would contact customer support!
I am posting this here to warn others that if/when you get errors don't expect to get help from their customer service group.

After recieving a serie of 501-CC errors (not allowing me to download info from my bank) here is what their India based customer service reps told me. This is a transcript of our conversation.

Gaurav: Hi, my name is Gaurav. Thank you for contacting Quicken, please allow me a moment to read your question.
 Gaurav: Hi Chris, how are you doing today?
 Chris Toliver: I am okay.
 Chris Toliver: So at the end of the day I am just checking on the status of Incident: 111112-000328. I haven't heard back from you guys in three weeks.
 Gaurav: Cris, your case is still pending with Quicken research team.
 Chris Toliver: do you have an ETA on a resolution?
 Gaurav: There is standard TAT of 15 days.
 Chris Toliver: okay. that time is up. so what should i do now?
 Gaurav: It may take more or less time. It depends on the criticality of the issue.
 Chris Toliver: how long should i wait until i contact you again? a week? a month?
 Gaurav: I am unable to predict any time.
 Gaurav: Please open Quicken >> Go to Account Action above Balance column >> Select Update now.
 Chris Toliver: okay, it just finished updating
 Gaurav: Are you able to update your account?
 Chris Toliver: all of the accounts updated fine except two of my three chase bank accounts. basically i am getting the same error as in Incident: 111112-000328.
 Gaurav: I will request you to wait till the issue is resolved.
 Chris Toliver: how long will i have to wait?
 Chris Toliver: a week? a month? a year?
 Gaurav: You will get the resolution very shortly.
 Gaurav: There is no turn around time.
 Chris Toliver: so you are telling me that you can't give me a time?
 Gaurav: The standard tile to resolve the issue is 15 to 20 days.
 Chris Toliver: right. but is has been longer than that, thus my contacting you.
 Gaurav: It may take more or less time to resolve the issue.
 Chris Toliver: how long should i wait until i ask for a refund?
 Chris Toliver:
how long should i wait until i start posting about this on amazon.com?
 Chris Toliver:
because right now, the product i purchased isn't working.
 Gaurav: The time takes on the criticaliyty of the issue.
 Chris Toliver: so basically you can't really answer my question?
 Gaurav: I can not provide you the exact time period to resolve the issue.

The lesson here is that they won't help you.
That is all.

Chris Toliver
The last review of the customer service does not begin to address the lack of responsiveness of Intuit and my frustration with their so called "support".  I've been over an hour w/ chat and attempting to get a phone number to call them, only to have to give up my credit card number before they'd give me the number.  The chat feature was a joke as well...whether it is a robot or non-english speaking tech, after 30 minutes of answering the same questions several times she was unable to help.  All over a VERY simple question.  Then I have spent another 30 minutes trying to locate the president's email address, I can't believe a corporate officer would allow this sort of customer service to continue, but my guess is, as they've set it up so that it is unpenatrable he is not aware of the difficulty customers are experiencing.  My quest isn't over, I will find an email address and they will hear from me.
The last review of the customer service does not begin to address the lack of responsiveness of Intuit and my frustration with their so called "support".  I've been over an hour w/ chat and attempting to get a phone number to call them, only to have to give up my credit card number before they'd give me the number.  The chat feature was a joke as well...whether it is a robot or non-english speaking tech, after 30 minutes of answering the same questions several times she was unable to help.  All over a VERY simple question.  Then I have spent another 30 minutes trying to locate the president's email address, I can't believe a corporate officer would allow this sort of customer service to continue, but my guess is, as they've set it up so that it is unpenatrable he is not aware of the difficulty customers are experiencing.  My quest isn't over, I will find an email address and they will hear from me.
I purchased & installed this version in early November, 2012. I have used Quicken Products for more then 20 years with no complaints....until now. In early December, 2012 I ran the 'R10' update. Since then I have not been able to connect to any of my banks, credit cards, etc to do the online update through Quicken (which I've also used for years). So I started trying to get help from Quicken Support. I called & they had no solution for me, so they 'Escalated' my case and had me upload my log files.

In a couple of days, I received a "Canned Response" email telling me to reset my bank passwords, inactivate & deactivate my Accounts in Quicken, add new accts, etc. NONE of these standard answers Work!! I had already tried them all numerous times during my phone conversation and once I Deactivated any account online, I was not able to reactivate it at all! So I called again, was put on hold for 25 minutes and then disconnected because their office had closed.

So I tried the online Chat. He tried to help, but nothing worked, so he had me submit my log files again and 'Escalated' my case, again. In a couple of days I received a "Canned Response" email again telling me to try all the things I had already tried if none of that worked, I should open a case and submit my log files! So far, I've also received 3 emails thanking me for contacting Quicken Customer Support and "hoping that they had resolved my problem satisfactorily". HA... I responded to each but no results.

I have several emails, 3 phone calls & 2 online Chats and have uploaded my log files 5 times, with no results, just get sent round & round in the same circle. Yesterday I sent another email responding to their most recent 'Canned Response' and lack of service and I insisted that I be given contact information for a Manager or Supervisor. Today, I received yet another email from Customer Service. This one said it was from "Ashish Canan", (who supposedly is a floor manager) saying he/she (?) had gone through the complete incident and Log files which I had uploaded. Ashish was able to see the error code CC 899, which was clearly the problem, in the log files. Then Ashish told me to "please follow the steps mentioned in the following link: blah, blah, blah" which was exactly what all the rest had told me to do....Obviously reading through my entire incident file helped them a lot!

Then Ashish followed up with this statement, almost as an after-thought: "I also wish to inform you that CC-899 is an known issue and our team is working on the issue. If the issue is not resolved by following the steps then please signup for the notification. When the issue will be resolved then you will get the notification from us."

DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME & MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT! I would have given it Negative Stars if possible!
IT IS A POOR EXCUSE OF BETA SOFTWARE TO SAY THE LEAST.... and Yes...It worked great for the first month, before showing it's True colors.

Topic 2: 2014 0.02672 upgrade 0.02515 2013 0.02483 update 0.02151 version 0.01976 2011 0.01623 2012 0.01348 problems 0.01299 upgraded 0.01297 bugs 0.012
 How Many: 26822
After upgrading from Quicken Premier 2013 to 2014 I found Quicken became completely unstable operating on my Mac using Windows and Parallels as a virtual machine as I have successfully done for years. It was so unstable that I reverted back to Quicken 2013 and just wasted $87. I also found that there were very few improvements over the 2013 version and the mobile sync to the Quicken iPhone app had improved very little if at all. The mobile app is basically a waste of time in my opinion and I have now deleted that from my phone and iPad as wellk. Just not worth the trouble; slow syncing, duplicated transactions and accounts, and so forth. The app has such limited functionality that it simply is not worth the effort. I am a decades long Quicken user but on the whole I would not recommend wasting your money on the 2014 upgrade as there are virtually no new features from the 2013 version worth mentioning. In my case the stability problems introduced by the 2014 upgrade were so severe that in the end I uninstalled it and reinstalled 2013. Thankfully I still had a backup of my data file that had not been converted to the 2014 format so that I could also restore and go back to business as usual in 2013 Premier. I am frustrated, saddened by Intuit's performance, and $87 lighter in my wallet.
I've been using Quicken since 1990.  The product has been full of bugs in the last two releases (2013/2014).  Just upgraded to 2014 and it began to crash on different scenarios.  I have the latest release (R3) and still having problems.  Too bad there isn't another good competitor.  I recommend you do NOT upgrade for quite some time.  As a matter of fact, don't upgrade at all unless you absolutely need to (I don't see why though).

12/9/2013 UPDATE: Well, I've installed the latest update (Release 4) supplied by Quicken and, although the constant crashing of the application when using the Planning tab (budgets) is no longer occurring, it now is behaving strangely.  For one, I cannot select the specific budget to delete -- it always picks the first one.  When syncing the budget to the Quicken Cloud, it abruptly closes the application.  Quicken folks seem to be trying to correct all these issues and complaints by us users but problems still linger...

1/14/14 UPDATE: Another update was provided by Quicken (R5).  Still having problems with the Sync of the budget.  Receiving error (unknown sync error) during sync and the application closes during a reconcile -- annoying.  Can't use the budget sync to the cloud as of yet.

2/9/2014 UPDATE: Finally! After 6 releases, Quicken 2014 seems to be stable and functional.  Intuit has been able to correct most of the problems I was experiencing with Budgeting and synchronization.  I will wait at least 3 months the next time I need to upgrade!
Upate:I have added 1 star as I was finally able to sync to the cloud and it is faster updating the cloud.  With that said, this release should really be a maintenance release than a new product release.  Other than the scanning receipt feature, there are really no changes of significance.  I guess Intuit feels a need to release every year.  If you are using Quicken to manage money, you should do that by saving the $70 for 2014 release and use it elsewhere.

From a long-time Quicken user (mid 1990's).  I'd wait for at least a couple of more releases.  As I use Quicken daily, I usually upgrade fairly quickly after a new release.  I was interested in this release because of the "faster" sync with the cloud.  2013 was agonizingly slow.  Well. I have yet to sync to the cloud.  After two 45 minute plus, unsuccessful, sync sessions,  I have given up for awhile.  When it spends 20 minutes updating "renaming rules" (of which I have about 30), something is wrong.  Another in the long line of terrible product releases.
Intuit recently released patch R6 (well re-released it as the first released version was not well tested and created all kinds of problems). However, An untested R6 release is corrupting user data files, making them password protected, and throwing errors when using Mobile Sync. There are several threads in qlc.intuit.com about this and Intuit reps seem clueless. There is no acknowledgement that this issue exists and even the work around from an Intuit rep does not work. New purchasers will get this bad R6 during the initial install. Intuit is closing these threads as fast as they appear. https://qlc.intuit.com/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=mobile+sync&button= and then limit search to past week. The fix is ugly, running qcleanui and renaming folders, reinstalling without being connected and installing the R5 and not the R6 mondo patch. Then using a back up copy of data, performing a mobile sync, deleting cloud data and then reconfiguring mobile sync. Super validating each step of the way. Phone and chat support are at one hour or more. Intuit has not acknowledged the issue or pulled this bad patch. They've documented another issue with the patch https://qlc.intuit.com/announcements/1154323 that is upsetting users. But have not addressed data corruption.

Edit 5/15 - Intuit released a patch to fix balance sorting BUT IT STILL CORRUPTS USER DATA AND PASSWORD PROTECTS IT IF YOU USE MOBILE SYNC. Why they released another patch that still corrupts data is unfathomable. The qlc.intuit.com website (search for R7) has lots of upset users and the only relief is to go back to R5 with a older data file. If you buy and download today, you will be updated to R7 during the install, so beware. It is unconscionable for a company to release two updates in a row that lead to data corruption.

I'm a Quicken user since DOS, 1985, and I am stunned at the behavior by Intuit. Quicken support personnel are telling customers to revert to R5 but INTUIT has not pulled this catastrophic bad patch. Use https://qlc.intuit.com/search?filters%5Bdate%5D=past_day&q=r7 to see issues reported in the past DAY to see how bad this is.
I had been using Quicken 2011 up until now and I only upgraded hoping that it will resolve issue with automatic updates. The good news is that it did improve quite a bit and I have not seen any issue with that. The bad news is that this version seems to be very buggy (still) and it crashes from time to time for no apparent reason. Also, when accepting or editing downloaded transactions, it is very slow and each transaction takes 3-5 seconds. This is a huge pain and time sink. If I could roll back to 2011 version I would.

Intuit needs to significantly improve their quality assurance and release more solid software....this is not acceptable especially since there is not much in way of improvements or new features. I have been using Quicken since 1992 and I have never been so disappointed as I have been in recent years.
I have been using quicken since MS discontinued MSMoney and until this release I have been mostly happy. The 2015 version is much slower than the 2014 version that I upgraded from but I could live with that.

Since the R6 patch the software is completely unreliable, not something you want from software running your finances. Since the R6 patch I am having to restore my data file from backup every couple of days due to corruption issues. I have contacted quicken support and was told to reload from my original download and to patch to R7.

R7 is still corrupting my data file. I will be an ex user just as soon as I can find an alternative.

Google quicken R6 patch issues before you buy. DO NOT load the R7 patch either.
I upgraded from Quicken 2012 to this version specifically for the mobile functionality. Unfortunately, despite 11 fix releases since the product came out, it still is broken. If you try to use the mobile version you will end up with duplicate entries that randomly corrupt your accounts.  The mobile account updates will tell you that you have authentication issues. All this happens on accounts that worked just fine in Quicken 2012.  The analogies between this introduction of mobile technology and when General Motors tried to introduce their "engineered" diesels in the 1980's are too many. Unless Intuit gets this fixed quickly, it will kill off any attempt to introduce mobile technology.  Of course, this assumes that some competitor doesn't see a vulnerability to exploit.
Update May 13, 2015. I DO *NOT* RECOMMEND UPGRADING TO QUICKEN 2015 H&B for Windows. Due to problems with the updates through R6/R7 (May 2015) including data file corruptions and having no option but to restore from manual backups multiple times. As a professional developer and trouble-shooter for experts, after twenty years using Quicken, this is the first and only time I *cannot recommend* a version of Quicken. Sad, but you'll be glad you skipped QW2015. I wish I had skipped it (and stayed with qw2013).

Reducing to 0 of 5 stars due to Intuit's major failure of the R6 update (May 2015) and previous similar failure when I first bought QW 2015 in Dec 2014. Yesterday, I had to completely uninstall Quicken 2015 with R6, then re-install Quicken 2015 H&B with the R5 update. I had to restore from a backup from *prior to R6* (after multiple attempts to restore from backups after R6) due to corruptions and one-step update which failed to de-activate for a bank giving CC502 errors. I'm a software engineer and trouble-shooter for experts who are stumped. Unfortunately, after more than twenty years using Quicken, I DO NOT RECOMMEND UPGRADING TO Quicken 2015 H&B for Windows. (Quicken 2013 was good. I skipped 2014 since I didn't see any new features worthwhile). If you are thinking of buying or upgrading, try a previous version and do not try 2015, wait for QW2016 has been out for at least six months.
------------------------------
Feb 1, 2015. Upgraded to Quicken Home & Business 2015, R3, from 2013. Well worth the upgrade just to get the "Reset Account" feature which fixes download problems from my banks. "Reset Account" is found under Edit Account, Online Services tab. Caveat: This upgrade was more painful than usual, and I'm glad I made multiple backups before, during and after working through the issues, because I did have to restore to good backup points several times. I gave it 4/5 stars for the features, despite the painful upgrade.
Bought Quicken Home & Business 2015 from the Intuit web site end of Dec 2014, when it was on-sale 50% off, for $57.49. (Just after that, Amazon had it on-sale for $54.99). Current release R4 is dated 1/13/2015.
Running under a VM (Parallels under MACOS).  The previous version of Quicken worked fine (2012), but since the pretty much, forced upgrade to 2015, it's been crashing and hanging quite often.  Once it's running, it's fine.
A lot of times, it just hangs on start up, freezes, so I need to force close it.
Other times, it has problems doing the One Step Updates.  Issues with it crashing upon the start of the update and sometimes at the end of the update.
Each crash, hang, upon restarting the program, everything seems to start working fine again.
It seems a little slower than the older version as well, longer to start up, longer to do certain tasks.
I installed Quicken HB release 1 and it seemed to work fine.  Then they came out with relese 2 and I was having problems matching downloaded  transactions.  With release 3 it started to crash doing "One Step Update".
Release 4 and 5 still crash, but now it it runs much much slower.  I tried release 6 and it was still slow and crashing.  Last week I went back to release 1 and I'm not upgrading any more.  So far it seems to be stable and fast.

Topic 3: software 0.13353 money 0.05534 don 0.04839 buy 0.03687 work 0.03229 just 0.02925 time 0.0227 doesn 0.01785 bought 0.01619 does 0.0149
 How Many: 26822
This software is stupid! Don't waste your money! It wants to automate everything. I spend most of my time just undoing what it automated. The budgeting is a joke! It wants to create your bugdet for you! Useless software.
I really wish Microsoft did not discontinue MS Money. This by far is the ugliest and hardest piece of software I have ever used. After rebuilding my file more than twice, and meticulously making sure that Quicken perfectly matches the transactions from my banks, I find myself in a situation where it is not reconciling -- AGAIN!. Terrible product. I wish I can get my money back. TOTAL AND ABSOLUTE waste of time. Mint is far better, and sadly Intuit bought them out. You'd think they'll take Mint and implement it...but NO. Or, would allow you to migrate from Mint (which works) to Quicken... But NO! Terrible, terrible product. Terrible product management. This is software that is still stuck in the 90's. Did I say I miss MS Money?
Garbage!
One word says it all, I don't need 19 more to say it's garbage, garbage, garbage, garbage, garbage, garbage!
Worthless --- No support, waste of time to even attempt to use it... There are better freeware software that work, really work without any hassle...
A total waste of time and money.  Compared to Microsoft Money it is useless.  Save your money and go and watch TV.
I have tried for a whole year to make this work for my company and it is horrible. Wont keep inventory without having to go through a pile of loop holes to get there. 2010 was great and my accountant talked me into this verison. I have since fired her too. I don't have time to always try and figure dumb s*** out that don't work anyways. Horrible, Horrible, Horrible. Wasted my money.
I don't understand why bothering with the Starter edition.  You can't transfer any of your info if you want to upgrade to the deluxe edition.  So I returned it before bothering to get started.  I'm not sure why they want you to purchase the Starter edition first.  Unless it's to learn how to use it.  But if your smart I'm sure you can figure out how to use the deluxe edition just as quickly as the starter edition.  Saves time and money to get the upgraded version.
I thought I would spend the money and get some good accounting software. Pissed my money away. This software sucks. Takes forever to do a simple estimate. Don't waste your money OR your time
Resolved Question: If it looks like a rat, smells like a rat, sounds like a rat, and acts like a rat, it probably and most likely is a Rat!!! I won't buy this.... Extortion!!!! Really..? Come on man!!!
Absolute junk, don't waste your time or money. It will not coordinate with past years and has a completly useless output.

Topic 4: product 0.08437 amazon 0.04043 refund 0.03479 purchase 0.02961 purchased 0.02945 intuit 0.02184 did 0.02179 download 0.02164 order 0.01071 received 0.00853
 How Many: 26822
The only reason I bought this instead of a competing product is they say I could get a 10% bonus if I applied my tax refund to an Amazon gift card. What they don't tell you is that they require you to get at least $200 of your refund as a direct deposit or check. That $200 is not eligible for the 10% bonus. So if you are due a $1000 refund and you had planned to get the $1000 refund plus a 10% bonus amount applied to an Amazon Gift Card for a total of $1100, that will not happen. You will instead get $800 of your refund plus an $80 bonus applied to the Amazon gift card and $200 as a refund check or direct deposit. Instead of getting $1100 dollars total you get $1080. I see it as though Intuit is secretly charging and extra $20 in order to take advantage of this free offer. I WILL NEVER USE AN INTUIT PRODUCT OR SERVICE AGAIN.
THE PROBLEM - the license and product key numbers were put under a sticker that did not come off evenly and destroyed part of the numbers. Since I did not have these numbers I could not install the product. Further, the license # is needed for a warranty return.

I called a prominent support # on the Intuit website. The warranty is apparently ineffective for me since it requires a license # on the return form. Also there was no RMA# or equivalent to show a valid attempt by the manufacturer to acknowledge a return.

I offered to send copies of the Amazon receipt, a picture of the defective license and product key area, and a picture of the disk with Intuit's special marks on it. Even if the warranty is mercifully honored, without the license#, it looks like I will have to wait at least a week for it to get there, some time for it to be processed, possibly 4 weeks for a refund, and then return shipping time. This is the computer and internet age, shouldn't the warranty have involved at least an offer of electronic download?
This box by Intuit had a gray strip on the back with a product key.  It did not specify how to remove it so I tried to peel it and destroyed the numbers.  The replacement I bought clearly stated "SCRATCH OFF THE GRAY"  I did and this was fine.  The problem is that the 3rd party seller will have to take the loss for this and it was not their fault.  The box itself was faulty not the 3rd party seller.  I called Intuit first before returning the item, and they were not particularly helpful.  They told me to go back to Amazon
The software I downloaded was easy enough to use.  However, when it came time to take advantage of the "bonus offer" (an additional 10% for putting some or all of the refund on an Amazon gift card) I was informed that my return didn't "qualify".  There was a list of reasons, but I wasn't given the specific reason that I was declined.  The ONLY possible reason was that my refund amount didn't qualify, but there was no amount given.  So, who knows.  When I clicked on the link in this statement, "For complete terms and conditions, see www.amazon.com/gc-legal," I got a "page not found" notification.

The "Bonus Offer" was the main reason I chose THIS particular product.  Never again.

Badly done, Amazon.
Did not do what I needed. When I requested a refund from Intuit I received no response after repeated emails as instructed by Amazon. Intuit has a 60 day money back guarantee but never responded to any of my request for one. Amazon does not offer redunds on software but they were very kind to refund my money since I couldn't get a response from Intuit.
This product feels like a clunky add-on to Quicken. Barely useful. If you have only a few properties, I believe you would be better off with a custom spreadsheet. I am returning it.
For those who need to know how to return an electronic download, this is from Intuit's website:
For Quicken software downloaded from Amazon.com, uninstall Quicken and then send an e-mail request to ereturns@intuit.com or send a written request to Intuit Returns, PO Box 386, Greenville, SC 29334-0386.  Requests need to be received within 60 days of purchase.  Attach proof of purchase, such as the Your Order with Amazon.com confirmation e-mail. Refunds will be processed with a paper check within 3 - 4 weeks.  Please be sure your address is current.
I love the product, but had some technical issues and contacted Amazon. Amazon instructed me to contact Intuit, Inc., and told me that Intuit, Inc. has a 60 day satisfaction guarantee refund policy. When I contacted TurboTax (Intuit, Inc.), I was informed that they only refund purchases made directly from them. There are no refunds for 3rd party vendors.
I love the product, but had some technical issues and contacted Amazon. Amazon instructed me to contact Intuit, Inc., and told me that Intuit, Inc. has a 60 day satisfaction guarantee refund policy. When I contacted TurboTax (Intuit, Inc.), I was informed that they only refund purchases made directly from them. There are no refunds for 3rd party vendors.
I ordered Turbotax 2008 to file a return for a year I didn't filed previously.  I was under strict time constraints to do so and received an email stating that I would be receiving 2007 instead of 2008 which is totally useless to me. The amazon call center was exceptionally efficient as to resolve the issue but I was rather disappointed as I was not receiving the item I needed.  BTW I also asked for one day shipping and was suckered in stating if I ordered it before 2pm it would arrive the next business day well the est date of deliver was 02/02/11 and now it has changed to 02/04/11 so I ask the question what in the heck was the express deliver for it was going to get it in three days anyways???? cussin word cussin word
I ordered Turbotax 2008 to file a return for a year I didn't filed previously.  I was under strict time constraints to do so and received an email stating that I would be receiving 2007 instead of 2008 which is totally useless to me. The amazon call center was exceptionally efficient as to resolve the issue but I was rather disappointed as I was not receiving the item I needed.  BTW I also asked for one day shipping and was suckered in stating if I ordered it before 2pm it would arrive the next business day well the est date of deliver was 02/02/11 and now it has changed to 02/04/11 so I ask the question what in the heck was the express deliver for it was going to get it in three days anyways???? cussin word cussin word

Topic 5: program 0.0663 computer 0.03644 install 0.02441 intuit 0.018 installed 0.01652 copy 0.0136 turbotax 0.01255 hard 0.012 new 0.01171 cd 0.00885
 How Many: 26822
Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called "C-Dilla".  That program was supposed to be a DRM (Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy) program, but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossible to remove from your system.
Before considering TurboTax, make a strong effort to find out if C-Dilla is no longer part of the TurboTax program.
In the 2002 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax 2002.  (The original uninstall program that came with TurboTax 2002 didn't remove C-Dilla.)
Why dislike C-Dilla ?  Here's why.
For those of you who don't know what CDilla is:
It's spyware, that sits on your PC and monitors activity... not just when you use TurboTax, but ALL the time.  It's also malware, because it interferes with your CD copying... not just preventing  certain copyrighted CDs from being copied (OK, OK) but may also prevent your CD burner from copying CDs properly...whether there's a legitimate COPYRIGHT reason for preventing that copy or not.
CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared, self-created partition on your hard disk.  Yes, that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users, that's going to be a real problems, because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea...particularly if you have several partitions, dedicated to several flavors of operating system (Windows and Linux, for example... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot).
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech and its sister publication PC Magazine are industry leaders.  You have probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  This is from one of many articles there about C-Dilla, particularly C-Dilla on Intuit's TurboTax software. (Intuit-TurboTax-2002's version of C-Dilla wasn't different from any other version of C-Dilla.  It just got alot of attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From the article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles, and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla, what it does, why folks dislike it intensely, etc. etc.
In short, C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product until Intuit promises that C-Dilla is NOT a part of the 2003 offering.  Be safe...buy something else instead.  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called "C-Dilla".  That program was supposed to be a DRM (Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy) program, but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossible to remove from your system.
Before considering TurboTax, make a strong effort to find out if C-Dilla is no longer part of the TurboTax program.
In the 2002 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax 2002.  (The original uninstall program that came with TurboTax 2002 didn't remove C-Dilla.)
Why dislike C-Dilla ?  Here's why.
For those of you who don't know what CDilla is:
It's spyware, that sits on your PC and monitors activity... not just when you use TurboTax, but ALL the time.  It's also malware, because it interferes with your CD copying... not just preventing  certain copyrighted CDs from being copied (OK, OK) but may also prevent your CD burner from copying CDs properly...whether there's a legitimate COPYRIGHT reason for preventing that copy or not.
CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared, self-created partition on your hard disk.  Yes, that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users, that's going to be a real problems, because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea...particularly if you have several partitions, dedicated to several flavors of operating system (Windows and Linux, for example... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot).
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech and its sister publication PC Magazine are industry leaders.  You have probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  This is from one of many articles there about C-Dilla, particularly C-Dilla on Intuit's TurboTax software. (Intuit-TurboTax-2002's version of C-Dilla wasn't different from any other version of C-Dilla.  It just got alot of attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From the article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles, and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla, what it does, why folks dislike it intensely, etc. etc.
In short, C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product until Intuit promises that C-Dilla is NOT a part of the 2003 offering.  Be safe...buy something else instead.  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called "C-Dilla".  That program was supposed to be a DRM (Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy) program, but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossible to remove from your system.
Before considering TurboTax, make a strong effort to find out if C-Dilla is no longer part of the TurboTax program.  If C-Dilla's there... buy something else.  Warning:  In the 2002 version, C-Dilla's presence may NOT have been listed on the box or enclosed literature.  Certainly C-Dilla's presence and activities on users' PCs were under-reported in Intuit/TurboTax's literature, making TurboTax 2002 a trojan.  Intuit was not very forthcoming about how C-Dilla worked, how to remove it, etc., etc. until public pressure forced them to open up... a little.
In the 2002 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax 2002.  (The original uninstall program that came with TurboTax 2002 didn't remove C-Dilla.)
Why dislike C-Dilla ?  Here's why.
For those of you who don't know what CDilla is:
It's spyware, that sits on your PC and monitors activity... not just when you use TurboTax, but ALL the time.  It's also malware, because it interferes with your CD copying... not just preventing  certain copyrighted CDs from being copied (OK, OK) but may also prevent your CD burner from copying CDs properly...whether there's a legitimate COPYRIGHT reason for preventing that copy or not.
CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared, self-created partition on your hard disk.  Yes, that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users, that's going to be a real problems, because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea...particularly if you have several partitions, dedicated to several flavors of operating system (Windows and Linux, for example... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot).
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech and its sister publication PC Magazine are industry leaders.  You have probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  This is from one of many articles there about C-Dilla, particularly C-Dilla on Intuit's TurboTax software. (Intuit-TurboTax-2002's version of C-Dilla wasn't different from any other version of C-Dilla.  It just got alot of attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From the article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles, and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla, what it does, why folks dislike it intensely, whether it can be removed from a PC, etc. etc.
In short, C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product until Intuit promises that C-Dilla is NOT a part of the 2003 offering.  Be safe...buy something else instead.  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called "C-Dilla".  That program was supposed to be a DRM (Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy) program, but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossible to remove from your system.
Before considering TurboTax, make a strong effort to find out if C-Dilla is no longer part of the TurboTax program.  If C-Dilla's there... buy something else.  Warning:  In the 2002 version, C-Dilla's presence may NOT have been listed on the box or enclosed literature.  Certainly C-Dilla's presence and activities on users' PCs were under-reported in Intuit/TurboTax's literature, making TurboTax 2002 a trojan.  Intuit was not very forthcoming about how C-Dilla worked, how to remove it, etc., etc. until public pressure forced them to open up... a little.
In the 2002 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax 2002.  (The original uninstall program that came with TurboTax 2002 didn't remove C-Dilla.)
Why dislike C-Dilla ?  Here's why.
For those of you who don't know what CDilla is:
It's spyware, that sits on your PC and monitors activity... not just when you use TurboTax, but ALL the time.  It's also malware, because it interferes with your CD copying... not just preventing  certain copyrighted CDs from being copied (OK, OK) but may also prevent your CD burner from copying CDs properly...whether there's a legitimate COPYRIGHT reason for preventing that copy or not.
CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared, self-created partition on your hard disk.  Yes, that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users, that's going to be a real problems, because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea...particularly if you have several partitions, dedicated to several flavors of operating system (Windows and Linux, for example... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot).
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech and its sister publication PC Magazine are industry leaders.  You have probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  This is from one of many articles there about C-Dilla, particularly C-Dilla on Intuit's TurboTax software. (Intuit-TurboTax-2002's version of C-Dilla wasn't different from any other version of C-Dilla.  It just got alot of attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From the article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles, and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla, what it does, why folks dislike it intensely, whether it can be removed from a PC, etc. etc.
In short, C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product until Intuit promises that C-Dilla is NOT a part of the 2003 offering.  Be safe...buy something else instead.  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called "C-Dilla".  That program was supposed to be a DRM (Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy) program, but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossibel to remove from your system.
Before considering TurboTax, make a strong effort to find out if C-Dilla is no longer part of the TurboTax program(s), and that it is not a part of this "TurboTax Organizer".
In the 2002 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax 2002.  (The original uninstall program that came with TurboTax 2002 didn't remove C-Dilla.)
Why dislike C-Dilla ?  Here's why:
If I had known in advance that this program contains CDilla spyware / malware, I would not have bought it.  I ordered the product already... but I guarantee it will make a quick trip to the trash-bin UNOPENED.
For those of you who don't know what CDilla is:
It's spyware, which means it reports across the internet to let the mfr. know if you're making extra copies.  It's also malware, because it interferes with your CD copying... not just preventing  certain copyrighted CDs from being copied (OK, OK) but also just plain preventing your CD burner from copying random CDs properly...whether there's a legitimate reason for preventing that copy or not.
CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared, self-created partition on your hard disk.  Yes, that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users, that's going to be a real problems, because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea...particularly if you have several partitions, dedicated to several flavors of operating system (Windows and Linux, for example... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot).
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech and its sister publication PC Magazine are industry leaders.  You have probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  This is from one of many articles there about C-Dilla, particularly C-Dilla on Intuit's TurboTax software. (Intuit-TurboTax-2002's version of C-Dilla wasn't different from any other version of C-Dilla.  It just got alot of attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From the article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles, and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla, what it does, why folks dislike it intensely, etc. etc.
In short, C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product.  Buy something else instead.  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called "C-Dilla".  That program was supposed to be a DRM (Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy) program, but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossibel to remove from your system.
Before considering TurboTax, make a strong effort to find out if C-Dilla is no longer part of the TurboTax program(s), and that it is not a part of this "TurboTax Organizer".
In the 2002 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax 2002.  (The original uninstall program that came with TurboTax 2002 didn't remove C-Dilla.)
Why dislike C-Dilla ?  Here's why:
If I had known in advance that this program contains CDilla spyware / malware, I would not have bought it.  I ordered the product already... but I guarantee it will make a quick trip to the trash-bin UNOPENED.
For those of you who don't know what CDilla is:
It's spyware, which means it reports across the internet to let the mfr. know if you're making extra copies.  It's also malware, because it interferes with your CD copying... not just preventing  certain copyrighted CDs from being copied (OK, OK) but also just plain preventing your CD burner from copying random CDs properly...whether there's a legitimate reason for preventing that copy or not.
CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared, self-created partition on your hard disk.  Yes, that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users, that's going to be a real problems, because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea...particularly if you have several partitions, dedicated to several flavors of operating system (Windows and Linux, for example... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot).
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech and its sister publication PC Magazine are industry leaders.  You have probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  This is from one of many articles there about C-Dilla, particularly C-Dilla on Intuit's TurboTax software. (Intuit-TurboTax-2002's version of C-Dilla wasn't different from any other version of C-Dilla.  It just got alot of attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From the article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles, and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla, what it does, why folks dislike it intensely, etc. etc.
In short, C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product.  Buy something else instead.  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech &sister publication PC Magazine're industry leaders.  You've probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  (Note:Intuit-TurboTax-2002's C-Dilla wasn't different from other versions of C-Dilla.  It just got lotsa attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From ET's article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
...  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
In the 2002/2003 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax somewhat apologizing, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax2002.  (The original uninstaller didn't remove C-Dilla.)
2004...does it have C-Dilla ?  I don't know.  It's not out yet.  Approach with caution.
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech &sister publication PC Magazine're industry leaders.  You've probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  (Note:Intuit-TurboTax-2002's C-Dilla wasn't different from other versions of C-Dilla.  It just got lotsa attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From ET's article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
...  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
In the 2002/2003 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax somewhat apologizing, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax2002.  (The original uninstaller didn't remove C-Dilla.)
2004...does it have C-Dilla ?  I don't know.  It's not out yet.  Approach with caution.
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech &sister publication PC Magazine're industry leaders.  You've probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  (Note:Intuit-TurboTax-2002's C-Dilla wasn't different from other versions of C-Dilla.  It just got lotsa attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From ET's article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."...  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
In the 2002/2003 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax somewhat apologizing, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax2002.  (The original uninstaller didn't remove C-Dilla.)
2004...does it have C-Dilla ?  I don't know.  It's not out yet.  Approach with caution.
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech &sister publication PC Magazine're industry leaders.  You've probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  (Note:Intuit-TurboTax-2002's C-Dilla wasn't different from other versions of C-Dilla.  It just got lotsa attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From ET's article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."...  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
In the 2002/2003 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax somewhat apologizing, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax2002.  (The original uninstaller didn't remove C-Dilla.)
2004...does it have C-Dilla ?  I don't know.  It's not out yet.  Approach with caution.

Topic 6: intuit 0.0454 years 0.04274 year 0.02782 deluxe 0.02287 product 0.02101 upgrade 0.02005 ve 0.01639 used 0.01467 turbotax 0.01322 customers 0.01253
 How Many: 26822
My boss uses a stock brokerage company that offers him a free copy of TurboTax Deluxe every year, as a way of helping their customers... This year's bone-headed move by Intuit has caused every one of their customers to have to upgrade from the TT Deluxe version to one that can -gasp- actually handle stock trades. Can you imagine how TICKED OFF that brokerage company must be? - ROFL - For my boss, there goes 20+ years of using TT Deluxe!

For myself, I have used both TurboTax and H&R block in years past and they both have the ability to do the job, equally well. I've used H&R block because it is always the less expensive option, and now I have a good reason to keep using H&R Block - They have NEVER pulled an underhanded move like Intuit has - twice now!

Burn me once, shame on you Intuit!  Burn me twice, shame us (customers). Who wants to let Intuit burn them again a third time? Anyone?
Bueller?  Bueller?  Bueller?

Intuit just Jumped the Shark.
Purchased this at Costco only to discover later, as many others here have noted, that it no longer includes all the same functionality (in particular for my purposes, Schedule D) as in previous years.

Now, I have continued to use TurboTax for many years despite the fact that it is priced at a premium to other competitive products (including TaxAct and H&R Block's software). I'm not sure I had a very good reason for continuing to pay the premium -- mostly just familiarity, brand recognition, etc.

With this new change, however, to get all the functionality I need TurboTax will cost me $20 more than in previous years. Now I can no longer justify this product. Indeed, the cost just to upgrade from Deluxe to Premier costs more than TaxAct's product with all the functionality I need, let alone the base price I've already paid.

For a long time, TurboTax got away with charging me more than their competitors just because it was the familiar and they had all the flashy marketing. They've tried to push their luck too far now, I'm afraid. I'm returning the product to Costco and going with a competitor.
I'd give TurboTax Deluxe 0 stars if it was possible--strictly with regard to the unfortunate surprising switch this year regarding schedule D.  I've utilized TurboTax Deluxe for well over a decade and have recommended it to everyone who would listen, including my own mother-who has filed with Deluxe and the high dollar "TT Business" for the past 2 years.  I suppose this year we will both begrudgingly be switching to H&R Block, since the Intuit decision was made to pull the rug out from under so many users without just admitting they were forcing a revenue stream into their coffers.  I'm guessing from the outpouring of disgust via Amazon feedback many long term customers such as myself are indeed going elsewhere, so perhaps that Intuit income stream will not be so lucrative!  There's still time to reverse your course of action Bob---surely you can understand the pain at our end....many will not be forced to Premium for more $$!
Overpriced!  Read the many posts about features removed from Turbotax this year.  They are effectively driving people to premium version as a price increase.  After comparing the features I've found that H& Block Deluxe version (half the price of Turbotax premium) is more competitive and higher rated.  As a previous Turbotax customer I've switched to H&R Block.  Recently Turbotax has announced "free" upgrades, etc to try to fix their problem.  Too late, I'm going to reward the company who gives me honest features for a fair price.  Intuit will need to be vastly better to ever get my business back not just equivalent.  Bad move...
I'm yet another long-time (15+ years) TurboTax Deluxe user that's making the switch to H&R Block this year (it's already in my cart). I'm just glad that I noticed all the low reviews and took the time to read them before buying. This is just a case of blatant corporate greed, pure and simple. Intuit has shown a lack of appreciation for their loyal customers in past years also but this one goes too far. The VP says they aren't crippling the Deluxe version and forcing those that may need schedules C, D, or E (formerly supported by Deluxe) to upgrade to Premier to increase revenue, but instead, it's for better compatibility with their online versions. If that's truly the case, the obvious solution should have been to design the appropriate compatibility into the online versions from the get-go.

I no longer consider this to be the "Deluxe" version of the software without support for these omitted schedules, which I need and have always been supported in the past. It's more the minimal "Basic" version now, if that. They're trying to arm-twist us into upgrading and getting locked in to Premier going forward... sleazy tactics that don't deserve to be rewarded with our business. You can bet that knowing how many people use each of their products and which forms, they've done calculations that indicate they will come out ahead (they think) by making this move, even if they lose customers. Let's prove them wrong by not giving them our business. I'm making the switch this year and encourage anyone reading this to do the same. Another unhappy customer saying to TurboTax / Intuit - Bye, bye...
Thank you fellow reviewers for alerting me to the fact that TT is no longer Deluxe but simple, albeit at the same price. I was about to order as I have the previous 10 years when I saw the review rating whick peaked my curiosity. As a result this year I will be looking at a different Tax Preperation package. To call this package "DELUXE" is the epitomy of "Bait and Switch" I certainly hope that the resultant drop in revenue rings someone's bell at Intuits Corporate Hqs. Had the price increased by 10 bucks no big deal, but to sucker consumers into purchasing a package that has not changed in a decade and then charging them an outrageous price to upgrade just to add a few forms borders on fraud. Thanks to the reviews I was spared the expense and resultant frustration. The competition must be ecstatic.
As has been posted by many others, TurboTax Deluxe no longer supports step-by-step data entry mode or e-filing of Schedules C, D, E, F, and K-1. Instead of simply and modestly increasing the price of Deluxe, which most users would accept, Intuit has instead quietly decreased important functionality of Deluxe, requiring an upgrade to Premiere to regain the missing functions. The need for the upgrade may not be apparent until much of a return has already been prepared, creating a strong-arm incentive for the user to spend another $20 for the upgrade. I, like other long-time users, am appalled at Intuit's marketing strategy, and have decided to vote with my wallet. TurboTax has lost a loyal, long-time (20+ years) user, and H&R Block has gained a new customer. So far, I like H&R Block's product, and suggest that others who are similarly dismayed with Intuit's tactics give it a try.
I would like to add my voice to the chorus of very unhappy TurboTax customers.  I, too, have been using TurboTax since the mid-80's.  Although they have angered me in the past, nothing they have done has surprised me as much as their decision to drop support for mutual fund/stock sales (Schedule D) from their mainstream product (Deluxe).  For those of us who make a couple of sales a year, dropping this very basic support is stunning and is a nothing more than a calculated, cynical decision on Intuit's part.

Defending this move by stating that the functionality was removed from TurboTax on-line therefore it had to be removed from the desktop version so as not to confuse us, the customers, is just as ridiculous as it sounds.
I gave up writing Amazon reviews long ago, but I felt compelled to weigh in. First, thank you to all the one star reviewers who alerted everybody to the recent change. I would have just bought the Deluxe version like I have every year. Instead, Intuit has crippled its own product so it no longer features Schedule D (among other features). This isn't a cost savings measure because all they are doing is crippling a bunch of features that have ALWAYS been part of the product. This is a price increase. A dramatic price increase. A sneaky, cowardly price increase under the guise of "consistency."
I am so glad that I checked these reviews before purchasing TurboTax Deluxe for this year.  Like many others, I have been using TurboTax for many years.  I've had some issues with the software in the past, but have stuck with it until now.  Their latest money-grabbing scheme is the last straw.  The TurboTax rep has said that the change was done in service of product consistency.  Maybe, maybe not...but ultimately, it is an irrelevant point.  What is relevant is that the change was done at the expense of their customers.  If TurboTax was so inclined, I'm sure they could have found a way to establish product consistency without crippling their alleged "Deluxe" product and creating a "bait and switch" scenario for many of their customers.  For informed customers, this change is clearly infuriating, based on the responses on Amazon.  The next wave will come from customers who pick it up in the store assuming they are getting the same functionality as in the past and getting an unpleasant surprise...I would not like to be a customer service rep at Intuit right now!

I believe in Karma, and I believe that the Intuit executives who made this greed-based decision are going to experience it.  I believe that this latest ploy is going to push many TurboTax users to look for alternatives, which will open the market for other companies to establish a stronger foothold and hopefully remove TurboTax's dominance in this market.  Personally, I don't intend to use their products again.  They have proven that they can't be trusted...

Topic 7: use 0.09511 user 0.04247 disappointed 0.02407 simple 0.02325 easy 0.02203 difficult 0.01643 previous 0.01211 friendly 0.01172 hate 0.01153 recommend 0.01039
 How Many: 26822
Turbo tax error created around $740 less.

During filing, Turbo tax(TT) stated that i am not qualified for Homestead credit. So i searched state website and found below;
****************
You may claim a property tax credit if all of the following apply:

Your homestead is in Michigan
You were a resident of Michigan for at least six months during the year.
You own/rent and occupy a Michigan homestead on which property taxes were levied.
Your household income is less than $82,650
***************

I met all requirement so i contacted TT and below is the conversation;

I do NOT know how they can guaratee 100% accurate calculation

>>>>

Please wait while we find an agent to assist you...
You have been connected to 07_A. Blitz, CPA.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Hi Sun, I'm here to help you today. Just give me a moment to read your question.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: it appears you are wondering if you qualify for the michigan homestead credit, correct?
Sun Mok: yes
Sun Mok: I think your software has incorrect info.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok, and you stated that you lived in MI for over 6 months?
Sun Mok: ###days. 6/## -##/31
Sun Mok: ###
Sun Mok: why numbers shows error?
Sun Mok: one hundred eighty seven days. from june twenty senven
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Please do not worry about retyping the numbers. Due to security precautions, all numeric values are obfuscated (i.e. xx\xx\xxxx) for everyone except the agent, in this case, me. I can see them fine, on my end, so no reason to re-enter on your part.
Sun Mok: okay
07_A. Blitz, CPA: and im assuming you made less then 83k?
Sun Mok: yes
07_A. Blitz, CPA: and you rent or you own?
Sun Mok: i bought current house june ####
Sun Mok: So i own
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok...give me a moment as I try this on my computer.
Sun Mok: thanks
07_A. Blitz, CPA: this is the notice you got "You do not qualify for the Michigan Homestead Property Tax credit because you did not live in Michigan for at least 6 months."
Sun Mok: i got that noitce too
Sun Mok: isn't that error?
Sun Mok: I lived more than 6 months.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: well July -Dec is six months...so that appears inorrect...
07_A. Blitz, CPA: give me a moment
Sun Mok: i even tried to enter ### days and got same answer
07_A. Blitz, CPA: yeah...I did the same thing...
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Im looking into this...
Sun Mok: thanks
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Sorry, I need another couple minutes...
Sun Mok: ok
07_A. Blitz, CPA: What is your filing status? Single?
Sun Mok: married
Sun Mok: do you want to take a look at my account?
Sun Mok: my id is mok####
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok...and you didn't by chance sell a previous residence in 2011, did you?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I do not need to review you file...
Sun Mok: what do you mean by sell a previouse redidence?
Sun Mok: I used to live apartment and bought house at hune ####
Sun Mok: june ####
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok, so you didn't own your old house,.
Sun Mok: correct
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: and Im assuming you don't collect social security income or child support.
Sun Mok: no
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok...this seems pretty basic that you should qualify...
Sun Mok: i think the TT has bug in the program
Sun Mok: maybe not?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: yeah...wow...my only expectation here is the following..
07_A. Blitz, CPA: On the form calculating the credit, it may be annualliazing your income - and therefore calculating over 82k.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: But that doesnt make any sense...and the error states because you did not live in the state for 6 months...
Sun Mok: so what should we do now?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: im assuming you haven't purchased your return yet, correct?
Sun Mok: purchase my returned? what do you mean?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: have you paid for the turbotax software?
Sun Mok: no not yet.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok...if you were to purchase the return, we could see how the forms are calculating.
Sun Mok: I could've been file last night and thank God that i am waiting one more day to file
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Its my best guess that your income is being annualized therefore going over the 82k household income mark.
Sun Mok: What is annualized? my income is not over 82K
07_A. Blitz, CPA: without being able to view the forms...there is not much else, I can do...to me it sounds liek you completed the form appropriatly.
Sun Mok: does TT has any tech support team for checking software error / code?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: in understand, but based on the fact that you earned 60K during the year and only lived in MI for 6 months - they annualize the 60k as if you lived in MI the entire year...IE. your 60k of income would be 120 of income in MI.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Its an insane calculation if you ask me ...
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I will bring this issue to my managers attention.
Sun Mok: can you do it now? i can wait but i can't postpone the filing anymore
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I apologize, my manager is out for the day...but I will let her know about the issue ASAP.
Sun Mok: i should not only me, i believe there are many others may already filed without knowing this issue.
Sun Mok: and How i can trust TT calculate my tax correctly?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I agree...I am currently reviewing the TurboTax live community to determine if others are having this issue...and the response above is the issue that other people are coming up with as the reason for the disallowance of the credit.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: TurboTax guarentees its calculations.
The agent is sending you to [...]
Sun Mok: then how they are going to guarantee the issue that i brought up?
Sun Mok: is it considered to be correct calculation?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I am sorry that I can not assist you any further.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Without seeing the calculation on the form. I cant explain anything furth.
Sun Mok: so what do you want me to do ? do you want to to file as is so that you can take a look at?
Sun Mok: do you want me to file as is so that you can take a look at?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: you could either pay for the return and we can review the return...or you can go forward and file without the credit.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: As a note...not that this would make any difference...but the credit is very small.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I want to lastly confirm that you are not a student, correct?
Sun Mok: no credit is not small.
Sun Mok: the current return vs with credit was around $###
Sun Mok: seven hundred and forty dollar.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: that seems reallllllllly high!!!!
Sun Mok: i am not a student
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok, thanks
Sun Mok: thanks for understanding.
Sun Mok: I need to post this to Amazon and Youtube to share
Sun Mok: I hope this can make the fix work faster.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I will contact my manager ASAP.
Sun Mok: Thanks i will waiting.
Sun Mok: I will be out of country soon for business trip. I can't wait further.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Can I assist you with anything else?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: You can file from anywhere in the world via the online edition.
Sun Mok: Can you ask your manager call me by COB toda?
Sun Mok: today?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: As I mentioned she is out today.
Sun Mok: okay do you want me to give my cell number? Can i get an update call from your team?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: yes, give me your number so that I can contact you.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: in addition, I can contact you via email.
Sun Mok: ###-###-###0
Sun Mok: please do both. thank you.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: perfect! Thank you...and I apologize for the inconveniene.
Sun Mok: So what you said is there is zero possibility that i can get the update from your manager by today?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Correct.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Sun, I'm sorry I was unable to help you today. I hope the information I provided gets you closer to a solution. Although I couldn't resolve your issue, I'll send you an email within 24 hours so you can provide feedback on my service. Thanks for using TurboTax.
Sun Mok: Okay i really hope TT calculate the rest of items correctly. I really hope this is the only mis calculation that this program has.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I am sure you will be ok - as are the millions of other taxpayers.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: who use TT.
Sun Mok: as i mentioned, i will share this conversation to internet forum, Amazon and Youtube so people can faily judge your vs competitors.
I agree with the reviewer below who said she found moneypants.com to be easier and better.  Quicken is soooo complicated, I got a headache before I could upload any infomration and I lost my motivation before i even started.  The MoneyPants site is definitely better for someone like me who needs help getting motivated to do this stuff in the first place!
I agree with the reviewer below who said she found moneypants.com to be easier and better.  Quicken is soooo complicated, I got a headache before I could upload any infomration and I lost my motivation before i even started.  The MoneyPants site is definitely better for someone like me who needs help getting motivated to do this stuff in the first place!
intended to but never really used it.  XL spreadsheet is a better use of your time.  fairly steep learning curve which i was not inclined to invest in.
apparently does a lot.. that i would not really ever use.
I have been very disappointed with Turbo Tax. If it weren't for the ease of transferring my stuff from last year I would have gone with something else. It is difficult to navigate and nonsensical in so many ways:(
I use quickbooks professionally and thought quicken would be easy to switch to for personal use but it is not as easy to use as QuickBooks and the same tricks and shortcuts don't seem to apply. Not as intuitive as I had hoped for.
Not easy to use and not easy to make fit to my needs
i love it and i will use it again easy easy easy

thanks turbo
Very disappointed, was way too complicated and had me doing things I've never done before which seems so redundant. Used to love their products because they walk you through things and was very easy to understand. This ended up being 37 pages and I hardly make any money at what I do, had to have been unnecessary forms to fill out. And according to Sen Warner, these companies keep lobbying Congress to keep our tax system complicated so we will keep buying these products. Well, no more. I will be doing my own taxes next year.
Would not recommend.  Worth suggest investing in better software.  Program not easy to use, confusing, not forgiving when making errors.  Quickbooks more straight forward, cleaner to use and more comprehensive.

Topic 8: quicken 0.06414 bank 0.03158 download 0.0296 online 0.02731 account 0.02508 accounts 0.02225 transactions 0.02174 credit 0.01649 financial 0.01303 update 0.01163
 How Many: 26822
Here's a blow-by-blow account of the numerous bugs I've encountered using Quicken the last five years. It ain't pretty. The product's just been getting worse since 2002.

Quicken 2008: Was a forced/hostage upgrade from Quicken 2005. You "have" to upgrade since they've cut a deal with the financial institutions to cut off your online access with the institutions if you don't upgrade every three years. Just as found when I was hostage upgraded in 2005 from 2002, there's nothing more than a cosmetic face-lift, no meaningful fixes/improvements -- but there's even more bugs, problems and aggravation.

* Product now will not connect properly to Fidelity; no problem under 2005.

* Took forever to figure out how to turn off a "reminder" function ... that kept reminding me to pay bills already scheduled to be paid using the auto-pay function. 2005 did the same thing and it's not been fixed.

*You can turn off the product registration nag screen ... if you Google to find out how. Product does not have to be registered to use it.

* Un-reconciles accounts six months back every once in a while. I've been assuming that's being caused by a few bytes of bad data that occasionally comes from the financial institutions ... that the Quicken people have not properly coded so as to filter out. This bug also surfaced in 2005. Two weeks into 2008, I've seen it again already.

* You can't turn off the "free update/revision" nag screen unless you take the update. No such nag screen in 2005.

* When connecting, the completion screen used to show which accounts had new transactions to match and had convenient buttons next to each to take you directly to the account. Gone in 2008. Now I have to look through every account each time to see where transactions might have been retrieved.

* Icons everywhere attempting to peddle other unwanted Quicken products. One of the 'product improvements' in 2008.

* Doesn't handle stock distributions correctly (since they were not actually paid for); keeps generating error messages when you enter the correct posting of no cost incurred. Same problem in 2005.

* Tricky screens/checkboxes/prompts that try to bait you into using/enrolling for QuickenDot services when you don't have to or need to. Users that did so now post complaints they can't undo it and that the QuickenDot server is constantly down, causing problems/delays when trying to connect to other accounts using a one-step update.

Yet another company that's grown totally complacent about product quality while wallowing in its assured-for-the-moment revenue stream. It will bite them hard in the long-run. Postings indicate similar complaining regarding the major competitor product, Microsoft Money. If history is any lesson, there's no reason to suspect that these software products will ever get better under these conditions. Some other product will have to steal their customer base before they wake up and smell the coffee.

If you are not already committed to either of those two products, take a good long look at open source software such as GNU Cash.

[Update: April 15, 2008] Does now connect to Fidelity ... occasionally. When I opened the portfolio area today, the entire computer screen flashed with confusion and the product crashed. 2005 never once crashed. Still flashing but no subsequent crashes. Who knows what happened. Not me. Apparently not Quicken programmers either.

[Update: July 12, 2008] Connects to Fidelity now more or less on regular basis. Software still flashes/flickers routinely. Also slow to load, apparently trying to read every single record into RAM, regardless of age. Pop-up screen this morning stating "We've noticed you are not downloading your current Quicken Visa/MasterCard transactions, click here to ..." I don't have one. Obviously a deceptive come-on intended to trick users into the application process for a Quicken credit card. Nice. Still constantly beg-screens me to take the latest software update.

[Update: October 18, 2008] Just downloaded this week's financial transactions and Quicken wiped out four months of reconciliation on one of my credit cards ... again.

[Update: January 10, 2009] Tried to change the amount of an annual repeating payment. Refused to accept the change with the error message "You must make this change and sign on no later than six days before scheduled payment." Payment was set for April 4, 2009, almost three months in the future. I had to delete the payment, log on to make the deletion take effect, then enter the payment all over again for the new amount, then log on again to make that payment take effect. And when I tried to log on I rec'd an error message stating an Internet connection was not detected (a message I get rather often despite my always-on broadband). Luckily I can choose the "Ignore" button and it will go ahead and connect. Quicken programming staff = worthless carpetbaggers.

[Update: March 5, 2009] Wanted to stop an ongoing monthly repeating payment where the next scheduled payment was already in place in my register for March 27. I edited in a change for "how many times" from "unlimited" to "1." In other words, I wanted to pay on March 27 for the last time. When I logged on to the bank the first time, Quicken canceled the March 27 payment. Now doesn't that take the cake--Quicken accounting/finance software programmers are unable to count up to one. And, as all too often anymore, the screen went wacko while I was logging onto the bank.

[Update: March 8, 2009] Quicken just UNreconciled one of my credit cards (again) back to the October, 2008 close. Luckily, its a card I don't use much. I suppose this has something to do with Quicken software coders not understanding the start of Daylight Savings Time.

[Update: March 27, 2009] The repeating payment change I referred to at March 5, 2009? The saga continues. When I tried to enter the NEW repeating payment, it wouldn't take. I entered it, connected to the bank and nothing happened. The payment did not show in the list of repeating payments or in the register. I tried deleting the payee entirely to start over, but Quicken wouldn't/won't let me delete that payee at all. It claims it cannot be deleted because there is a repeating payment in effect ... that would be the payment that is ALREADY canceled. Which means I can't cancel it so I can't delete the payee. To set up the new payment I ended up having to create an entire new payee to make the new payment 'take.' I had to put a dash in the middle of the account number to create the new payee since Quicken won't allow two repeating payments with the exact same account number. And I am still stuck with the old payee on file which I cannot delete at all. I had to call the bank twice just to make sure the durn payment is actually going to be made on time ... and made only once ... and for the correct amount. You would think there would be a way to force deletion of a payee. Then again YOU are thinking, Quicken programmers on the other hand are off somewhere slurping down a latte.

[Update: April 2, 2009] Have an established monthly recurring payment of $X and would like to change it to $Y. Enter the Online Center, click on Repeating. There it is. Click on it then select Edit. Change the amount from $X to $Y. Save the change. Seems simple enough. Log on to the bank. Result: (1) Quicken cancels the next pending payment, on April 19, of $X. So far so good. (2) Quicken enters a pending payment into the checkbook register for $Y dated May 19. Huh? What happened to my April payment? God only knows what will happen if I tinker with this recurring payment any further. I will write a paper check for one month ... and hope for the best.

[Update: July 14, 2009] Quicken is popping up a screen telling me I am overdue on a July 10 payment to a vendor. The register shows the payment was made and cleared on July 10. And it's reminding me to schedule another future payment ... that's already scheduled. It's the same durn thing I was talking about in bullet # 2 at the top of the review, apparently it's a zombie bug that has now risen from the dead. Still begs me to take the Quicken software update constantly.

[Update: September 15, 2009] Quicken has suddenly started reminding me ... once again ... that certain bills are overdue, even though they've already been paid using the automatic monthly payment function. It asks me if I want to delete, pay or skip. I can only guess what havoc might occur if I delete or skip ... so I just keep waiting for the nag screen to eventually go away.

[Update: January 17, 2010] Repeating payment to my HOA increasing by four bucks a month. Learned already the hard way that if you change it by just increasing the payment, it doesn't take. So I first deleted the existing repeating payment entirely (but not the existing payee). Logged onto the bank. Deletion occurred properly. THEN I tried to create a new repeating payment (using the existing payee). Enter all the information - and nothing happens. Just like I never entered it at all. Rebooting, log on to the bank again, no change. So I created a new payee (with slightly different spellings for payee name and account number since those fields define the unique payee). Creation took place properly - after every desktop icon on screen flashed on and off screen for nearly a minute. Logged on to bank to let Quicken advise of new payee. THEN created new payment using the tweaked, new payee. Logged on again. More icon flashing in process. New repeating payment now appears in register. Although it has NOT always done so in the past, THIS TIME Quicken let me delete the old payee. For users that can't figure out these kinds of workarounds, the simple, everyday-routine, core process of adjusting the amount of a repeating payment simply doesn't work. It USED to work in older versions of Quicken, so I can only assume Quicken programmers spend their lazy afternoons destroying old code and functionality - instead of writing new code to fix known bugs.

[Update: January 26, 2010] The above described payment (at four bucks more) was made successfully to the HOA yesterday. In the Quicken Bill Reminder Tray it says I have FOUR payments missing - all to the HOA, all at the new 'four bucks more' amount, two of them due yesterday and two of them due today. As always when this tray incorrectly reports overdue payments, the tray's three choices are Enter, Edit and Skip. Which one would you dare use to try to get the stuff to disappear? If you choose Skip, will it take the payment back? Maybe in the mirror-image BizarroWorld that is Quicken software.

[Update: July 25, 2010] Used a certain credit card last month (that hadn't been used otherwise in about eight months). The account had been live and retrieving transactions without incident for years. The account password is saved in Quicken so that it can do so. But guess what, those new transactions did not retrieve after multiple log-ons (using Quicken's "one-step update" which logs on to all active accounts in a single pass). Quicken reflects the account as active for transaction retrieval, everything AOK. Quicken also reflects the connection took place with the account without error. If I didn't KNOW I had transactions not retrieved, I wouldn't have had the least idea there was an error. Not that Quicken would give me the least indication to do so, I went ahead and tried solving the error by re-running the account through the 'online initialization' process again. It worked. The transactions then retrieved normally. HOWEVER the NEXT time I tried to run through the logon/retrieval process, Quicken demanded I provide the account's password. That would be the very same password it had in storage to begin with - and that I JUST provided to Quicken a SECOND time when I did the re-initialization. Dumb, dumb, dumb. Also, after the re-initialization, I started getting a message that claims 'your last update attempt was not successful, do you want to re-try?" I figure that erroneous message will resolve itself after enough time has eroded since 'my last update attempt.'

[Update: August 8, 2010] I wanted to change the amount for a repeating payment (the equal pay plan for my utility bill was adjusted), so I used the `change' function. Kick me in the *** because (1) using the obviously correct approach in Quicken often means trouble and (2) I've tried this before and it's a major fail. I opened the repeating payment, changed the amount and clicked the OK button. As I was signing on, Quicken advised it would be changing the payment amount just exactly as I had entered it. Result: both payments, old and new, are in the register. I marked the old payment for deletion and re-connected to the bank. The bank generated an error message stating that the old payment had already been cancelled. I tried deleting the old payment from my register and it won't budge. It demands that I must log on in order to complete the deletion. As I just said, when I logged on the bank refused to recognize the deletion request.

OK. I have a new plan for opening a can of whoop@ss on Quicken's demons. I will delete the NEW payment, then delete the payee entirely. Then Quicken will HAVE to let go of the old payment, right? Then I will re-create the payee. I marked the new payment for deletion and logged on. It WAS deleted at both the bank AND in the Quicken register. But when I try to delete the payee, Quicken says "cannot delete payee for which there are repeating online payments scheduled." Go to the screen that lists all the repeating payments. Nothing there. Go back to the register. The old payment is still there. The old payment that refuses to be deleted until it yaks with the bank ... too bad the bank says it's already deleted and won't yak. Totally screwed by Quicken again.

Eventually I discover via Googling that Quicken has an undocumented save posted in their support blogs - to use CTRL to force the deletion of the old payment. It works. I suppose that's worth half-a-point. OK, now let's put the new payment back (like it was before I deleted it). I enter all the information, click OK. Nothing happens. Acts like I entered nothing at all. Try it three times, zippo. I look in the list of repeating payments. I look in the transactions pending for transmission. I look in the register. Nothing. Unfortunately I've been here before. This entire process has "imploded" the payee, making it unusable.  I'll have to create an entirely new payee. I go to delete the old payee. It won't let me. It STILL insists I have repeating payments outstanding against it. Whattaeffing piece of software cr@pola.

I already have two other old payees I can't delete that act just like this ... even though they haven't been involved any kind of payment in at least a year. Quicken says in that same support blog webpage that using the CTRL key also forces payee deletions. Wrong, wrong, wrong. Can't get rid of it. (You can see these kinds of problems also discussed earlier in this review.) I will have to put a space or something in the account number to create a brand new payee, since that account number has already been "used" and Quicken won't let me re-use it. And I am stuck with another old payee I can't delete.

Oh, and down in my tab titled "Scheduled Bills & Deposits Due" I still  (as described above) have listed FOUR TIMES my monthly HOA payment, as being overdue from 13 days ago. (It's a repeating monthly payment set up in Quicken months ago, and it was already paid on schedule.) The four listings are actually two pairs of amounts, each pair one day apart. All of these are artifacts from where I tried to adjust that repeating payment amount when I experienced an increase. The three choices are "enter" "edit" or "skip" I've learned to wait until well after the bill is actually paid, then enter "skip." Otherwise it may well try to pay twice. (I've already described this particular bug up above ... just a reminder, it never goes away.) Bottom line:  since about 2005, the Quicken product has become totally effed up.

I am now about six months now from the next cycle of Quicken's "sunset policy." Every three years, you have to pay for the Quicken upgrade or they cut off your ability to download transactions from your financial institutions (Quicken servers are the `middle man" between your software and the institutions). Maybe it's time to migrate to competing software product that works right, only has to be bought once ... and connects directly to my institution to collect unadulterated data!

When Quicken goes under, I'm going to wear a pink tuxedo to the funeral.

[UPDATE: August 14, 2010] FREE AT LAST, FREE AT LAST !! After that last fiasco, I decided why invest more time trying to solve the Quicken problem ... when I could invest that time migrating to Moneydance 2010.

Moneydance, what a dream come True! And much less painful a migration that I imagined. Just buy the license at the website first, then download&install the product. Here's a couple of key points I learned (the hard way) that should make your migration run smooth as silk:

* Export the data from Quicken using the "all accounts' option (not one account at a time). I had to look for it but that choice WAS in the Quicken drop-down list.

* When importing IGNORE any advice Moneydance offers that you ought check the "Import account info only" option (ie, to import the structure/tables/fieldnames first, then to go back and re-do the procedure to get the data records). When I followed that advice, I had all sorts of screwy issues, records landing every which way. When I DID NOT check the box (in essence asking Moneydance to import everything in one fell swoop - both records & structure/tables/fieldnames for all of the Quicken accounts) everything dropped right into place, ready to roll. The only record that did not import correctly (and I had ten years of records over about fifteen accounts) was the "original transfer balance in" for one account.

After that I did have to do some minor clean-up for a while - entering stock symbols, entering the names I wanted to use for the accounts, other account details such as my credit card numbers. To make the stock prices update in real time (for some reason) you have to manually add-in two developer extensions. Easy to do (so long as you realize that you have to do it) and the user's guide explains how exactly. Quick and no glitches.

Moneydance swims slick as an eel. Downloading of records only takes three or four seconds at most. With Quicken it took a lot longer. Moneydance is connecting direct to the institution; Quicken is running you through its own server as an intermediary. I wouldn't be the least bit surprised to find that a lot of my earlier issues (such as missing or duplicate records) that I did NOT post in my reviews (since I did not attribute them to Quicken) turn out to disappear. Because they were being CAUSED by Quicken's intermediary server. We'll see.

The online banking download setup was easy, but there were the most minor of issues. Moneydance did not have any idea of course when the last download was done (with Quicken), so it retrieved all the available records at the institutions. (Be smart and bring your Quicken accounts and downloads totally current and as reconciled as possible BEFORE you export them.) Also, where I had multiple accounts at one institution, it got confused first go-round, mixing them all up - and changing the account numbers in the setup parameters. I just deleted all the downloaded records and went back and re-entered the correct account numbers. After adjusting that first `initializing' download for each account, no problems.

I haven't started using the `setup payments through Moneydance' feature yet. My bet it'll be easy.

Moneydance. Just do it.
When Quicken goes under, I'm going to wear a pink tuxedo to the funeral.

[These comments are based on my continuing nightmare of lousy experiences with Quicken Deluxe 2008. This software, which has been getting continually worse since 2002, couldn't have possibly improved since then ... ]

For me Quicken 2008 was a forced/hostage upgrade from Quicken 2005. You "have" to upgrade since they've cut a deal with the financial institutions to cut off your online access with the institutions if you don't upgrade every three years. Just as found when I was hostage upgraded in 2005 from 2002, there's nothing more than a cosmetic face-lift, no meaningful fixes/improvements -- but there's even more bugs, problems and aggravation.

* Product now will not connect properly to Fidelity; no problem under 2005.

* Took forever to figure out how to turn off a "reminder" function ... that kept reminding me to pay bills already scheduled to be
paid using the auto-pay function. 2005 did the same thing and it's not been fixed.

*You can turn off the product registration nag screen ... if you Google to find out how. Product does not have to be registered to use it.

* Un-reconciles accounts six months back every once in a while. I've been assuming that's being caused by a few bytes of bad data that occasionally comes from the financial institutions ... that the Quicken people have not properly coded so as to filter out. This bug also surfaced in 2005. Two weeks into 2008, I've seen it again already.

* You can't turn off the "free update/revision" nag screen unless you take the update. No such nag screen in 2005.

* When connecting, the completion screen used to show which accounts had new transactions to match and had convenient buttons next to each to take you directly to the account. Gone in 2008. Now I have to look through every account each time to see where transactions might have been retrieved.

* Icons everywhere attempting to peddle other unwanted Quicken products. One of the 'product improvements' in 2008.

* Doesn't handle stock distributions correctly (since they were not actually paid for); keeps generating error messages when you enter the correct posting of no cost incurred. Same problem in 2005.

* Tricky screens/checkboxes/prompts that try to bait you into using/enrolling for QuickenDot services when you don't have to or need to. Users that did so now post complaints they can't undo it and that the QuickenDot server is constantly down, causing problems/delays when trying to connect to other accounts using a one-step update.

Yet another company that's grown totally complacent about product quality while wallowing in its assured-for-the-moment revenue stream. It will bite them hard in the long-run. Postings indicate similar complaining regarding the major competitor product, Microsoft Money. If history is any lesson, there's no reason to suspect that these software products will ever get better under these conditions. Some other product will have to steal their customer base before they wake up and smell the coffee.

If you are not already committed to either of those two products, take a good long look at open source software such as GNU Cash.

[Update: April 15, 2008] Does now connect to Fidelity ... occasionally. When I opened the portfolio area today, the entire computer screen flashed with confusion and the product crashed. 2005 never once crashed. Still flashing but no subsequent crashes. Who knows what happened. Not me. Apparently not Quicken programmers either.

[Update: July 12, 2008] Connects to Fidelity now more or less on regular basis. Software still flashes/flickers routinely. Also slow to load, apparently trying to read every single record into RAM, regardless of age. Pop-up screen this morning stating "We've noticed you are not downloading your current Quicken Visa/MasterCard transactions, click here to ..." I don't have one. Obviously a deceptive come-on intended to trick users into the application process for a Quicken credit card. Nice. Still constantly beg-screens me to take the latest software update.

[Update: October 18, 2008] Just downloaded this week's financial transactions and Quicken wiped out four months of reconciliation on one of my credit cards ... again.

[Update: January 10, 2009] Tried to change the amount of an annual repeating payment. Refused to accept the change with the error message "You must make this change and sign on no later than six days before scheduled payment." Payment was set for April 4, 2009, almost three months in the future. I had to delete the payment, log on to make the deletion take effect, then enter the payment all over again for the new amount, then log on again to make that payment take effect. And when I tried to log on I rec'd an error message stating an Internet connection was not detected (a message I get rather often despite my always-on broadband). Luckily I can choose the "Ignore" button and it will go ahead and connect. Quicken programming staff = worthless carpetbaggers.

[Update: March 5, 2009] Wanted to stop an ongoing monthly repeating payment where the next scheduled payment was already in place in my register for March 27. I edited in a change for "how many times" from "unlimited" to "1." In other words, I wanted to pay on March 27 for the last time. When I logged on to the bank the first time, Quicken canceled the March 27 payment. Now doesn't that take the cake--Quicken accounting/finance software programmers are unable to count up to one. And, as all too often anymore, the screen went wacko while I was logging onto the bank.

[Update: March 8, 2009] Quicken just UNreconciled one of my credit cards (again) back to the October, 2008 close. Luckily, its a card I don't use much. I suppose this has something to do with Quicken software coders not understanding the start of Daylight Savings Time.

[Update: March 27, 2009] The repeating payment change I referred to at March 5, 2009? The saga continues. When I tried to enter the NEW repeating payment, it wouldn't take. I entered it, connected to the bank and nothing happened. The payment did not show in the list of repeating payments or in the register. I tried deleting the payee entirely to start over, but Quicken wouldn't/won't let me delete that payee at all. It claims it cannot be deleted because there is a repeating payment in effect ... that would be the payment that is ALREADY canceled. Which means I can't cancel it so I can't delete the payee. To set up the new payment I ended up having to create an entire new payee to make the new payment 'take.' I had to put a dash in the middle of the account number to create the new payee since Quicken won't allow two repeating payments with the exact same account number. And I am still stuck with the old payee on file which I cannot delete at all. I had to call the bank twice just to make sure the durn payment is actually going to be made on time ... and made only once ... and for the correct amount. You would think there would be a way to force deletion of a payee. Then again YOU are thinking, Quicken programmers on the other hand are off somewhere slurping down a latte.

[Update: April 2, 2009] Have an established monthly recurring payment of $[...] and would like to change it to $[...]. Enter the Online Center, click on Repeating. There it is. Click on it then select Edit. Change the amount from $[...] to $[...]. Save the change. Seems simple enough. Log on to the bank. Result: (1) Quicken cancels the next pending payment, on April 19, of $[...]. So far so good. (2) Quicken enters a pending payment into the checkbook register for $[...] dated May 19. Huh? What happened to my April payment? God only knows what will happen if I tinker with this recurring payment any further. I will write a paper check for one month ... and hope for the best. A[...]

[Update: July 14, 2009] Quicken is popping up a screen telling me I am overdue on a July 10 payment to a vendor for $[...]. The register shows the payment was made and cleared on July 10. And it's reminding me to schedule another future payment ... that's already scheduled. It's the same durn thing I was talking about in bullet # 2 at the top of the review, apparently it's a zombie bug that has now risen from the dead. Still begs me to take the Quicken software update constantly.

[Update: September 15, 2009] Quicken has suddenly started reminding me ... once again ... that certain bills are overdue, even though they've already been paid using the automatic monthly payment function. It asks me if I want to delete, pay or skip. I can only guess what havoc might occur if I delete or skip ... so I just keep waiting for the nag screen to eventually go away.

[Update: January 17, 2010] Repeating payment to my HOA increasing by four bucks a month. Learned already the hard way that if you change it by just increasing the payment, it doesn't take. So I first deleted the existing repeating payment entirely (but not the existing payee). Logged onto the bank. Deletion occurred properly. THEN I tried to create a new repeating payment (using the existing payee). Enter all the information - and nothing happens. Just like I never entered it at all. Rebooting, log on to the bank again, no change. So I created a new payee (with slightly different spellings for payee name and account number since those fields define the unique payee). Creation took place properly - after every desktop icon on screen flashed on and off screen for nearly a minute. Logged on to bank to let Quicken advise of new payee. THEN created new payment using the tweaked, new payee. Logged on again. More icon flashing in process. New repeating payment now appears in register. Although it has NOT always done so in the past, THIS TIME Quicken let me delete the old payee. For users that can't figure out these kinds of workarounds, the simple, everyday-routine, core process of adjusting the amount of a repeating payment simply doesn't work. It USED to work in older versions of Quicken, so I can only assume Quicken programmers spend their lazy afternoons destroying old code and functionality - instead of writing new code to fix known bugs.

[Update: January 26, 2010] The above described payment (at four bucks more) was made successfully to the HOA yesterday. In the Quicken Bill Reminder Tray it says I have FOUR payments missing - all to the HOA, all at the new 'four bucks more' amount, two of them due yesterday and two of them due today. As always when this tray incorrectly reports overdue payments, the tray's three choices are Enter, Edit and Skip. Which one would you dare use to try to get the stuff to disappear? If you choose Skip, will it take the payment back? Maybe in the mirror-image BizarroWorld that is Quicken software.

[Update: July 25, 2010] Used a certain credit card last month (that hadn't been used otherwise in about eight months). The account had been live and retrieving transactions without incident for years. The account password is saved in Quicken so that it can do so. But guess what, those new transactions did not retrieve after multiple log-ons (using Quicken's "one-step update" which logs on to all active accounts in a single pass). Quicken reflects the account as active for transaction retrieval, everything AOK. Quicken also reflects the connection took place with the account without error. If I didn't KNOW I had transactions not retrieved, I wouldn't have had the least idea there was an error. Not that Quicken would give me the least indication to do so, I went ahead and tried solving the error by re-running the account through the 'online initialization' process again. It worked. The transactions then retrieved normally. HOWEVER the NEXT time I tried to run through the logon/retrieval process, Quicken demanded I provide the account's password. That would be the very same password it had in storage to begin with - and that I JUST provided to Quicken a SECOND time when I did the re-initialization. Dumb, dumb, dumb. Also, after the re-initialization, I started getting a message that claims 'your last update attempt was not successful, do you want to re-try?" I figure that erroneous message will resolve itself after enough time has eroded since 'my last update attempt.'

[Update: August 8, 2010] I wanted to change the amount for a repeating payment (the equal pay plan for my utility bill was adjusted), so I used the `change' function. Kick me in the *** because (1) using the obviously correct approach in Quicken often means trouble and (2) I've tried this before and it's a major fail. I opened the repeating payment, changed the amount and clicked the OK button. As I was signing on, Quicken advised it would be changing the payment amount just exactly as I had entered it. Result: both payments, old and new, are in the register. I marked the old payment for deletion and re-connected to the bank. The bank generated an error message stating that the old payment had already been cancelled. I tried deleting the old payment from my register and it won't budge. It demands that I must log on in order to complete the deletion. As I just said, when I logged on the bank refused to recognize the deletion request.

OK. I have a new plan for opening a can of whoop@ss on Quicken's demons. I will delete the NEW payment, then delete the payee entirely. Then Quicken will HAVE to let go of the old payment, right? Then I will re-create the payee. I marked the new payment for deletion and logged on. It WAS deleted at both the bank AND in the Quicken register. But when I try to delete the payee, Quicken says "cannot delete payee for which there are repeating online payments scheduled." Go to the screen that lists all the repeating payments. Nothing there. Go back to the register. The old payment is still there. The old payment that refuses to be deleted until it yaks with the bank ... too bad the bank says it's already deleted and won't yak. Totally screwed by Quicken again.

Eventually I discover via Googling that Quicken has an undocumented save posted in their support blogs - to use CTRL to force the deletion of the old payment. It works. I suppose that's worth half-a-point. OK, now let's put the new payment back (like it was before I deleted it). I enter all the information, click OK. Nothing happens. Acts like I entered nothing at all. Try it three times, zippo. I look in the list of repeating payments. I look in the transactions pending for transmission. I look in the register. Nothing. Unfortunately I've been here before. This entire process has "imploded" the payee, making it unusable.  I'll have to create an entirely new payee. I go to delete the old payee. It won't let me. It STILL insists I have repeating payments outstanding against it. Whattaeffing piece of software cr@pola.

I already have two other old payees I can't delete that act just like this ... even though they haven't been involved any kind of payment in at least a year. Quicken says in that same support blog webpage that using the CTRL key also forces payee deletions. Wrong, wrong, wrong. Can't get rid of it. (You can see these kinds of problems also discussed earlier in this review.) I will have to put a space or something in the account number to create a brand new payee, since that account number has already been "used" and Quicken won't let me re-use it. And I am stuck with another old payee I can't delete.

Oh, and down in my tab titled "Scheduled Bills & Deposits Due" I still  (as described above) have listed FOUR TIMES my monthly HOA payment, as being overdue from 13 days ago. (It's a repeating monthly payment set up in Quicken months ago, and it was already paid on schedule.) The four listings are actually two pairs of amounts, each pair one day apart. All of these are artifacts from where I tried to adjust that repeating payment amount when I experienced an increase. The three choices are "enter" "edit" or "skip" I've learned to wait until well after the bill is actually paid, then enter "skip." Otherwise it may well try to pay twice. (I've already described this particular bug up above ... just a reminder, it never goes away.) Bottom line:  since about 2005, the Quicken product has become totally effed up.

I am now about six months now from the next cycle of Quicken's "sunset policy." Every three years, you have to pay for the Quicken upgrade or they cut off your ability to download transactions from your financial institutions (Quicken servers are the `middle man" between your software and the institutions). Maybe it's time to migrate to competing software product that works right, only has to be bought once ... and connects directly to my institution to collect unadulterated data!

[UPDATE: August 14, 2010] FREE AT LAST, FREE AT LAST !! After that last fiasco, I decided why invest more time trying to solve the Quicken problem ... when I could invest that time migrating to Moneydance 2010.

Moneydance, what a dream come True! And much less painful a migration that I imagined. Just buy the license at the website first, then download&install the product. Here's a couple of key points I learned (the hard way) that should make your migration run smooth as silk:

* Export the data from Quicken using the "all accounts' option (not one account at a time). I had to look for it but that choice WAS in the Quicken drop-down list.

* When importing IGNORE any advice Moneydance offers that you ought check the "Import account info only" option (ie, to import the structure/tables/fieldnames first, then to go back and re-do the procedure to get the data records). When I followed that advice, I had all sorts of screwy issues, records landing every which way. When I DID NOT check the box (in essence asking Moneydance to import everything in one fell swoop - both records & structure/tables/fieldnames for all of the Quicken accounts) everything dropped right into place, ready to roll. The only record that did not import correctly (and I had ten years of records over about fifteen accounts) was the "original transfer balance in" for one account.

After that I did have to do some minor clean-up for a while - entering stock symbols, entering the names I wanted to use for the accounts, other account details such as my credit card numbers. To make the stock prices update in real time (for some reason) you have to manually add-in two developer extensions. Easy to do (so long as you realize that you have to do it) and the user's guide explains how exactly. Quick and no glitches.

Moneydance swims slick as an eel. Downloading of records only takes three or four seconds at most. With Quicken it took a lot longer. Moneydance is connecting direct to the institution; Quicken is running you through its own server as an intermediary. I wouldn't be the least bit surprised to find that a lot of my earlier issues (such as missing or duplicate records) that I did NOT post in my reviews (since I did not attribute them to Quicken) turn out to disappear. Because they were being CAUSED by Quicken's intermediary server. We'll see.

The online banking download setup was easy, but there were the most minor of issues. Moneydance did not have any idea of course when the last download was done (with Quicken), so it retrieved all the available records at the institutions. (Be smart and bring your Quicken accounts and downloads totally current and as reconciled as possible BEFORE you export them.) Also, where I had multiple accounts at one institution, it got confused first go-round, mixing them all up - and changing the account numbers in the setup parameters. I just deleted all the downloaded records and went back and re-entered the correct account numbers. After adjusting that first 'initializing' download for each account, no problems.

I haven't started using the 'setup payments through Moneydance' feature yet. My bet it'll be easy.

Moneydance. Just do it.
When Quicken goes under, I'm going to wear a pink tuxedo to the funeral.

[These comments are based on my continuing nightmare of lousy experiences with Quicken Deluxe 2008. This software, which has been getting continually worse since 2002, couldn't have possibly improved since then ... ]

For me Quicken 2008 was a forced/hostage upgrade from Quicken 2005. You "have" to upgrade since they've cut a deal with the financial institutions to cut off your online access with the institutions if you don't upgrade every three years. Just as found when I was hostage upgraded in 2005 from 2002, there's nothing more than a cosmetic face-lift, no meaningful fixes/improvements -- but there's even more bugs, problems and aggravation.

* Product now will not connect properly to Fidelity; no problem under 2005.

* Took forever to figure out how to turn off a "reminder" function ... that kept reminding me to pay bills already scheduled to be paid using the auto-pay function. 2005 did the same thing and it's not been fixed.

*You can turn off the product registration nag screen ... if you Google to find out how. Product does not have to be registered to use it.

* Un-reconciles accounts six months back every once in a while. I've been assuming that's being caused by a few bytes of bad data that occasionally comes from the financial institutions ... that the Quicken people have not properly coded so as to filter out. This bug also surfaced in 2005. Two weeks into 2008, I've seen it again already.

* You can't turn off the "free update/revision" nag screen unless you take the update. No such nag screen in 2005.

* When connecting, the completion screen used to show which accounts had new transactions to match and had convenient buttons next to each to take you directly to the account. Gone in 2008. Now I have to look through every account each time to see where transactions might have been retrieved.

* Icons everywhere attempting to peddle other unwanted Quicken products. One of the 'product improvements' in 2008.

* Doesn't handle stock distributions correctly (since they were not actually paid for); keeps generating error messages when you enter the correct posting of no cost incurred. Same problem in 2005.

* Tricky screens/checkboxes/prompts that try to bait you into using/enrolling for QuickenDot services when you don't have to or need to. Users that did so now post complaints they can't undo it and that the QuickenDot server is constantly down, causing problems/delays when trying to connect to other accounts using a one-step update.

Yet another company that's grown totally complacent about product quality while wallowing in its assured-for-the-moment revenue stream. It will bite them hard in the long-run. Postings indicate similar complaining regarding the major competitor product, Microsoft Money. If history is any lesson, there's no reason to suspect that these software products will ever get better under these conditions. Some other product will have to steal their customer base before they wake up and smell the coffee.

If you are not already committed to either of those two products, take a good long look at open source software such as GNU Cash.

[Update: April 15, 2008] Does now connect to Fidelity ... occasionally. When I opened the portfolio area today, the entire computer screen flashed with confusion and the product crashed. 2005 never once crashed. Still flashing but no subsequent crashes. Who knows what happened. Not me. Apparently not Quicken programmers either.

[Update: July 12, 2008] Connects to Fidelity now more or less on regular basis. Software still flashes/flickers routinely. Also slow to load, apparently trying to read every single record into RAM, regardless of age. Pop-up screen this morning stating "We've noticed you are not downloading your current Quicken Visa/MasterCard transactions, click here to ..." I don't have one. Obviously a deceptive come-on intended to trick users into the application process for a Quicken credit card. Nice. Still constantly beg-screens me to take the latest software update.

[Update: October 18, 2008] Just downloaded this week's financial transactions and Quicken wiped out four months of reconciliation on one of my credit cards ... again.

[Update: January 10, 2009] Tried to change the amount of an annual repeating payment. Refused to accept the change with the error message "You must make this change and sign on no later than six days before scheduled payment." Payment was set for April 4, 2009, almost three months in the future. I had to delete the payment, log on to make the deletion take effect, then enter the payment all over again for the new amount, then log on again to make that payment take effect. And when I tried to log on I rec'd an error message stating an Internet connection was not detected (a message I get rather often despite my always-on broadband). Luckily I can choose the "Ignore" button and it will go ahead and connect. Quicken programming staff = worthless carpetbaggers.

[Update: March 5, 2009] Wanted to stop an ongoing monthly repeating payment where the next scheduled payment was already in place in my register for March 27. I edited in a change for "how many times" from "unlimited" to "1." In other words, I wanted to pay on March 27 for the last time. When I logged on to the bank the first time, Quicken canceled the March 27 payment. Now doesn't that take the cake--Quicken accounting/finance software programmers are unable to count up to one. And, as all too often anymore, the screen went wacko while I was logging onto the bank.

[Update: March 8, 2009] Quicken just UNreconciled one of my credit cards (again) back to the October, 2008 close. Luckily, its a card I don't use much. I suppose this has something to do with Quicken software coders not understanding the start of Daylight Savings Time.

[Update: March 27, 2009] The repeating payment change I referred to at March 5, 2009? The saga continues. When I tried to enter the NEW repeating payment, it wouldn't take. I entered it, connected to the bank and nothing happened. The payment did not show in the list of repeating payments or in the register. I tried deleting the payee entirely to start over, but Quicken wouldn't/won't let me delete that payee at all. It claims it cannot be deleted because there is a repeating payment in effect ... that would be the payment that is ALREADY canceled. Which means I can't cancel it so I can't delete the payee. To set up the new payment I ended up having to create an entire new payee to make the new payment 'take.' I had to put a dash in the middle of the account number to create the new payee since Quicken won't allow two repeating payments with the exact same account number. And I am still stuck with the old payee on file which I cannot delete at all. I had to call the bank twice just to make sure the durn payment is actually going to be made on time ... and made only once ... and for the correct amount. You would think there would be a way to force deletion of a payee. Then again YOU are thinking, Quicken programmers on the other hand are off somewhere slurping down a latte.

[Update: April 2, 2009] Have an established monthly recurring payment of $[...] and would like to change it to $[...]. Enter the Online Center, click on Repeating. There it is. Click on it then select Edit. Change the amount from $[...] to $[...]. Save the change. Seems simple enough. Log on to the bank. Result: (1) Quicken cancels the next pending payment, on April 19, of $[...]. So far so good. (2) Quicken enters a pending payment into the checkbook register for $[...] dated May 19. Huh? What happened to my April payment? God only knows what will happen if I tinker with this recurring payment any further. I will write a paper check for one month ... and hope for the best. A[...]

[Update: July 14, 2009] Quicken is popping up a screen telling me I am overdue on a July 10 payment to a vendor for $[...]. The register shows the payment was made and cleared on July 10. And it's reminding me to schedule another future payment ... that's already scheduled. It's the same durn thing I was talking about in bullet # 2 at the top of the review, apparently it's a zombie bug that has now risen from the dead. Still begs me to take the Quicken software update constantly.

[Update: September 15, 2009] Quicken has suddenly started reminding me ... once again ... that certain bills are overdue, even though they've already been paid using the automatic monthly payment function. It asks me if I want to delete, pay or skip. I can only guess what havoc might occur if I delete or skip ... so I just keep waiting for the nag screen to eventually go away.

[Update: January 17, 2010] Repeating payment to my HOA increasing by four bucks a month. Learned already the hard way that if you change it by just increasing the payment, it doesn't take. So I first deleted the existing repeating payment entirely (but not the existing payee). Logged onto the bank. Deletion occurred properly. THEN I tried to create a new repeating payment (using the existing payee). Enter all the information - and nothing happens. Just like I never entered it at all. Rebooting, log on to the bank again, no change. So I created a new payee (with slightly different spellings for payee name and account number since those fields define the unique payee). Creation took place properly - after every desktop icon on screen flashed on and off screen for nearly a minute. Logged on to bank to let Quicken advise of new payee. THEN created new payment using the tweaked, new payee. Logged on again. More icon flashing in process. New repeating payment now appears in register. Although it has NOT always done so in the past, THIS TIME Quicken let me delete the old payee. For users that can't figure out these kinds of workarounds, the simple, everyday-routine, core process of adjusting the amount of a repeating payment simply doesn't work. It USED to work in older versions of Quicken, so I can only assume Quicken programmers spend their lazy afternoons destroying old code and functionality - instead of writing new code to fix known bugs.

[Update: January 26, 2010] The above described payment (at four bucks more) was made successfully to the HOA yesterday. In the Quicken Bill Reminder Tray it says I have FOUR payments missing - all to the HOA, all at the new 'four bucks more' amount, two of them due yesterday and two of them due today. As always when this tray incorrectly reports overdue payments, the tray's three choices are Enter, Edit and Skip. Which one would you dare use to try to get the stuff to disappear? If you choose Skip, will it take the payment back? Maybe in the mirror-image BizarroWorld that is Quicken software.

[Update: July 25, 2010] Used a certain credit card last month (that hadn't been used otherwise in about eight months). The account had been live and retrieving transactions without incident for years. The account password is saved in Quicken so that it can do so. But guess what, those new transactions did not retrieve after multiple log-ons (using Quicken's "one-step update" which logs on to all active accounts in a single pass). Quicken reflects the account as active for transaction retrieval, everything AOK. Quicken also reflects the connection took place with the account without error. If I didn't KNOW I had transactions not retrieved, I wouldn't have had the least idea there was an error. Not that Quicken would give me the least indication to do so, I went ahead and tried solving the error by re-running the account through the 'online initialization' process again. It worked. The transactions then retrieved normally. HOWEVER the NEXT time I tried to run through the logon/retrieval process, Quicken demanded I provide the account's password. That would be the very same password it had in storage to begin with - and that I JUST provided to Quicken a SECOND time when I did the re-initialization. Dumb, dumb, dumb. Also, after the re-initialization, I started getting a message that claims 'your last update attempt was not successful, do you want to re-try?" I figure that erroneous message will resolve itself after enough time has eroded since 'my last update attempt.'

[Update: August 8, 2010] I wanted to change the amount for a repeating payment (the equal pay plan for my utility bill was adjusted), so I used the `change' function. Kick me in the *** because (1) using the obviously correct approach in Quicken often means trouble and (2) I've tried this before and it's a major fail. I opened the repeating payment, changed the amount and clicked the OK button. As I was signing on, Quicken advised it would be changing the payment amount just exactly as I had entered it. Result: both payments, old and new, are in the register. I marked the old payment for deletion and re-connected to the bank. The bank generated an error message stating that the old payment had already been cancelled. I tried deleting the old payment from my register and it won't budge. It demands that I must log on in order to complete the deletion. As I just said, when I logged on the bank refused to recognize the deletion request.

OK. I have a new plan for opening a can of whoop@ss on Quicken's demons. I will delete the NEW payment, then delete the payee entirely. Then Quicken will HAVE to let go of the old payment, right? Then I will re-create the payee. I marked the new payment for deletion and logged on. It WAS deleted at both the bank AND in the Quicken register. But when I try to delete the payee, Quicken says "cannot delete payee for which there are repeating online payments scheduled." Go to the screen that lists all the repeating payments. Nothing there. Go back to the register. The old payment is still there. The old payment that refuses to be deleted until it yaks with the bank ... too bad the bank says it's already deleted and won't yak. Totally screwed by Quicken again.

Eventually I discover via Googling that Quicken has an undocumented save posted in their support blogs - to use CTRL to force the deletion of the old payment. It works. I suppose that's worth half-a-point. OK, now let's put the new payment back (like it was before I deleted it). I enter all the information, click OK. Nothing happens. Acts like I entered nothing at all. Try it three times, zippo. I look in the list of repeating payments. I look in the transactions pending for transmission. I look in the register. Nothing. Unfortunately I've been here before. This entire process has "imploded" the payee, making it unusable.  I'll have to create an entirely new payee. I go to delete the old payee. It won't let me. It STILL insists I have repeating payments outstanding against it. Whattaeffing piece of software cr@pola.

I already have two other old payees I can't delete that act just like this ... even though they haven't been involved any kind of payment in at least a year. Quicken says in that same support blog webpage that using the CTRL key also forces payee deletions. Wrong, wrong, wrong. Can't get rid of it. (You can see these kinds of problems also discussed earlier in this review.) I will have to put a space or something in the account number to create a brand new payee, since that account number has already been "used" and Quicken won't let me re-use it. And I am stuck with another old payee I can't delete.

Oh, and down in my tab titled "Scheduled Bills & Deposits Due" I still  (as described above) have listed FOUR TIMES my monthly HOA payment, as being overdue from 13 days ago. (It's a repeating monthly payment set up in Quicken months ago, and it was already paid on schedule.) The four listings are actually two pairs of amounts, each pair one day apart. All of these are artifacts from where I tried to adjust that repeating payment amount when I experienced an increase. The three choices are "enter" "edit" or "skip" I've learned to wait until well after the bill is actually paid, then enter "skip." Otherwise it may well try to pay twice. (I've already described this particular bug up above ... just a reminder, it never goes away.) Bottom line:  since about 2005, the Quicken product has become totally effed up.

I am now about six months now from the next cycle of Quicken's "sunset policy." Every three years, you have to pay for the Quicken upgrade or they cut off your ability to download transactions from your financial institutions (Quicken servers are the `middle man" between your software and the institutions). Maybe it's time to migrate to competing software product that works right, only has to be bought once ... and connects directly to my institution to collect unadulterated data!

[UPDATE: August 14, 2010] FREE AT LAST, FREE AT LAST !! After that last fiasco, I decided why invest more time trying to solve the Quicken problem ... when I could invest that time migrating to Moneydance 2010.

Moneydance, what a dream come True! And much less painful a migration that I imagined. Just buy the license at the website first, then download&install the product. Here's a couple of key points I learned (the hard way) that should make your migration run smooth as silk:

* Export the data from Quicken using the "all accounts' option (not one account at a time). I had to look for it but that choice WAS in the Quicken drop-down list.

* When importing IGNORE any advice Moneydance offers that you ought check the "Import account info only" option (ie, to import the structure/tables/fieldnames first, then to go back and re-do the procedure to get the data records). When I followed that advice, I had all sorts of screwy issues, records landing every which way. When I DID NOT check the box (in essence asking Moneydance to import everything in one fell swoop - both records & structure/tables/fieldnames for all of the Quicken accounts) everything dropped right into place, ready to roll. The only record that did not import correctly (and I had ten years of records over about fifteen accounts) was the "original transfer balance in" for one account.

After that I did have to do some minor clean-up for a while - entering stock symbols, entering the names I wanted to use for the accounts, other account details such as my credit card numbers. To make the stock prices update in real time (for some reason) you have to manually add-in two developer extensions. Easy to do (so long as you realize that you have to do it) and the user's guide explains how exactly. Quick and no glitches.

Moneydance swims slick as an eel. Downloading of records only takes three or four seconds at most. With Quicken it took a lot longer. Moneydance is connecting direct to the institution; Quicken is running you through its own server as an intermediary. I wouldn't be the least bit surprised to find that a lot of my earlier issues (such as missing or duplicate records) that I did NOT post in my reviews (since I did not attribute them to Quicken) turn out to disappear. Because they were being CAUSED by Quicken's intermediary server. We'll see.

The online banking download setup was easy, but there were the most minor of issues. Moneydance did not have any idea of course when the last download was done (with Quicken), so it retrieved all the available records at the institutions. (Be smart and bring your Quicken accounts and downloads totally current and as reconciled as possible BEFORE you export them.) Also, where I had multiple accounts at one institution, it got confused first go-round, mixing them all up - and changing the account numbers in the setup parameters. I just deleted all the downloaded records and went back and re-entered the correct account numbers. After adjusting that first 'initializing' download for each account, no problems.

I haven't started using the 'setup payments through Moneydance' feature yet. My bet it'll be easy.

Moneydance. Just do it.
[These comments are based on my continuing nightmare of lousy experiences with Quicken Deluxe 2008. This software, which has been getting continually worse since 2002, couldn't have possibly improved since then ... ]

For me Quicken 2008 was a forced/hostage upgrade from Quicken 2005. You "have" to upgrade since they've cut a deal with the financial institutions to cut off your online access with the institutions if you don't upgrade every three years. Just as found when I was hostage upgraded in 2005 from 2002, there's nothing more than a cosmetic face-lift, no meaningful fixes/improvements -- but there's even more bugs, problems and aggravation.

* Product now will not connect properly to Fidelity; no problem under 2005.

* Took forever to figure out how to turn off a "reminder" function ... that kept reminding me to pay bills already scheduled to be paid using the auto-pay function. 2005 did the same thing and it's not been fixed.

*You can turn off the product registration nag screen ... if you Google to find out how. Product does not have to be registered to use it.

* Un-reconciles accounts six months back every once in a while. I've been assuming that's being caused by a few bytes of bad data that occasionally comes from the financial institutions ... that the Quicken people have not properly coded so as to filter out. This bug also surfaced in 2005. Two weeks into 2008, I've seen it again already.

* You can't turn off the "free update/revision" nag screen unless you take the update. No such nag screen in 2005.

* When connecting, the completion screen used to show which accounts had new transactions to match and had convenient buttons next to each to take you directly to the account. Gone in 2008. Now I have to look through every account each time to see where transactions might have been retrieved.

* Icons everywhere attempting to peddle other unwanted Quicken products. One of the 'product improvements' in 2008.

* Doesn't handle stock distributions correctly (since they were not actually paid for); keeps generating error messages when you enter the correct posting of no cost incurred. Same problem in 2005.

* Tricky screens/checkboxes/prompts that try to bait you into using/enrolling for QuickenDot services when you don't have to or need to. Users that did so now post complaints they can't undo it and that the QuickenDot server is constantly down, causing problems/delays when trying to connect to other accounts using a one-step update.

Yet another company that's grown totally complacent about product quality while wallowing in its assured-for-the-moment revenue stream. It will bite them hard in the long-run. Postings indicate similar complaining regarding the major competitor product, Microsoft Money. If history is any lesson, there's no reason to suspect that these software products will ever get better under these conditions. Some other product will have to steal their customer base before they wake up and smell the coffee.

If you are not already committed to either of those two products, take a good long look at open source software such as GNU Cash.

[Update: April 15, 2008] Does now connect to Fidelity ... occasionally. When I opened the portfolio area today, the entire computer screen flashed with confusion and the product crashed. 2005 never once crashed. Still flashing but no subsequent crashes. Who knows what happened. Not me. Apparently not Quicken programmers either.

[Update: July 12, 2008] Connects to Fidelity now more or less on regular basis. Software still flashes/flickers routinely. Also slow to load, apparently trying to read every single record into RAM, regardless of age. Pop-up screen this morning stating "We've noticed you are not downloading your current Quicken Visa/MasterCard transactions, click here to ..." I don't have one. Obviously a deceptive come-on intended to trick users into the application process for a Quicken credit card. Nice. Still constantly beg-screens me to take the latest software update.

[Update: October 18, 2008] Just downloaded this week's financial transactions and Quicken wiped out four months of reconciliation on one of my credit cards ... again.

[Update: January 10, 2009] Tried to change the amount of an annual repeating payment. Refused to accept the change with the error message "You must make this change and sign on no later than six days before scheduled payment." Payment was set for April 4, 2009, almost three months in the future. I had to delete the payment, log on to make the deletion take effect, then enter the payment all over again for the new amount, then log on again to make that payment take effect. And when I tried to log on I rec'd an error message stating an Internet connection was not detected (a message I get rather often despite my always-on broadband). Luckily I can choose the "Ignore" button and it will go ahead and connect. Quicken programming staff = worthless carpetbaggers.

[Update: March 5, 2009] Wanted to stop an ongoing monthly repeating payment where the next scheduled payment was already in place in my register for March 27. I edited in a change for "how many times" from "unlimited" to "1." In other words, I wanted to pay on March 27 for the last time. When I logged on to the bank the first time, Quicken canceled the March 27 payment.  Now doesn't that take the cake--Quicken accounting/finance software programmers are unable to count up to one. And, as all too often anymore, the screen went wacko while I was logging onto the bank.

[Update: March 8, 2009] Quicken just UNreconciled one of my credit cards (again) back to the October, 2008 close. Luckily, its a card I don't use much. I suppose this has something to do with Quicken software coders not understanding the start of Daylight Savings Time.

[Update: March 27, 2009] The repeating payment change I referred to at March 5, 2009? The saga continues. When I tried to enter the NEW repeating payment, it wouldn't take. I entered it, connected to the bank and nothing happened. The payment did not show in the list of repeating payments or in the register. I tried deleting the payee entirely to start over, but Quicken wouldn't/won't let me delete that payee at all. It claims it cannot be deleted because there is a repeating payment in effect ... that would be the payment that is ALREADY canceled. Which means I can't cancel it so I can't delete the payee. To set up the new payment I ended up having to create an entire new payee to make the new payment 'take.' I had to put a dash in the middle of the account number to create the new payee since Quicken won't allow two repeating payments with the exact same account number. And I am still stuck with the old payee on file which I cannot delete at all. I had to call the bank twice just to make sure the durn payment is actually going to be made on time ... and made only once ... and for the correct amount. You would think there would be a way to force deletion of a payee. Then again YOU are thinking, Quicken programmers on the other hand are off somewhere slurping down a latte.

[Update: April 2, 2009] Have an established monthly recurring payment of $[...] and would like to change it to $[...]. Enter the Online Center, click on Repeating. There it is. Click on it then select Edit. Change the amount from $[...] to $[...]. Save the change. Seems simple enough. Log on to the bank. Result: (1) Quicken cancels the next pending payment, on April 19, of $[...]. So far so good. (2) Quicken enters a pending payment into the checkbook register for $[...] dated May 19. Huh? What happened to my April payment? God only knows what will happen if I tinker with this recurring payment any further. I will write a paper check for one month ... and hope for the best. A[...]

[Update: July 14, 2009] Quicken is popping up a screen telling me I am overdue on a July 10 payment to a vendor for $[...]. The register shows the payment was made and cleared on July 10. And it's reminding me to schedule another future payment ... that's already scheduled. It's the same durn thing I was talking about in bullet # 2 at the top of the review, apparently it's a zombie bug that has now risen from the dead. Still begs me to take the Quicken software update constantly.

[Update: September 15, 2009] Quicken has suddenly started reminding me ... once again ... that certain bills are overdue, even though they've already been paid using the automatic monthly payment function. It asks me if I want to delete, pay or skip. I can only guess what havoc might occur if I delete or skip ... so I just keep waiting for the nag screen to eventually go away.

When Quicken goes under, I'm going to wear a pink tuxedo to the funeral.

NOTE: I have posted a copy of this review under "Quicken 2010 Deluxe" and I will add any further comments and updates to that post.]
Auto update refuses to download info from capital one 360 account.  Quicken tells me that I have entered the wrong user name or password.  When I manually enter the username and password from quicken, it still says I have entered an incorrect username/ password  I have erased the user name and password from the vault and re entered them but it still does not work.  When I go directly to the capital one 360 website and enter the username and password, it works just fine. The auto update feature worked fine in Quicken 2113 and only malfunctioned when I upgraded to 2014.
Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

Here's a permalink to just one of my earlier, quite detailed Amazon reviews of the Quicken product: tinyurl.com/AmazonQuickenReview

I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. During that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just the aforementioned continual increase in software bugs, eternal peddling of affiliated products, etc.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams ... ... Quicken Loans, Quicken Credit Cards, etc.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

Here's a permalink to just one of my earlier, quite detailed Amazon reviews of the Quicken product: tinyurl.com/AmazonQuickenReview

I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. During that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just the aforementioned continual increase in software bugs, eternal peddling of affiliated products, etc.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams ... ... Quicken Loans, Quicken Credit Cards, etc.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

Here's a permalink to just one of my earlier, quite detailed Amazon reviews of the Quicken product: tinyurl.com/AmazonQuickenReview

I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. During that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just the aforementioned continual increase in software bugs, eternal peddling of affiliated products, etc.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams ... ... Quicken Loans, Quicken Credit Cards, etc.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

Here's a permalink to just one of my earlier, quite detailed Amazon reviews of the Quicken product: tinyurl.com/AmazonQuickenReview

I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. During that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just the aforementioned continual increase in software bugs, eternal peddling of affiliated products, etc.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams ... ... Quicken Loans, Quicken Credit Cards, etc.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

Here's a permalink to just one of my earlier, quite detailed Amazon reviews of the Quicken product: tinyurl.com/AmazonQuickenReview

I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. During that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just the aforementioned continual increase in software bugs, eternal peddling of affiliated products, etc.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams ... ... Quicken Loans, Quicken Credit Cards, etc.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.

Topic 9: version 0.10717 quicken 0.07431 mac 0.06042 windows 0.04435 data 0.0188 pc 0.01775 2007 0.01566 old 0.01563 2015 0.01483 versions 0.01377
 How Many: 26822
When will I learn? It's nowhere near as good as the PC version. I'm going back to running&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Premier-Personal-Finance-Budgeting-Software-2015-Old-Version/dp/B00M9GTL6M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Premier Personal Finance & Budgeting Software 2015 [Old Version</a>] using&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Parallels-Desktop-11-for-Mac/dp/B013XFGA6G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Parallels Desktop 11 for Mac</a>&nbsp;on my mac
Even before&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Personal-Finances-2007-for-Mac/dp/B000GI0HR2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Personal Finances 2007 for Mac</a>&nbsp;("Quicken 2007"), Intuit was milking the Mac cow for profits with virtually no upgrade in features over the previous several versions. It was powerful and handy -- a 5-star product but for its stability and obsolesence issues.

Quicken 2007: the last full-featured version of Quicken for the Mac. It had most of the features of the Windows version. Call it Quicken "classic". It was written for Motorola PowerPC microprocessors; Apple had already switched to Intel x86 processors in 2006 and its OS had been Intel-compatible since 2004. Soon to be incompatible, it relies on very old PowerPC code. It's had to run in "Rosetta" emulation in the latest versions of the Mac OS.  Apple's next OS,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mac-OS-10-7-Lion/dp/B003XKXN58/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mac OS 10.7 ("Lion")</a>&nbsp;will not support Rosetta when released in mid-2011. Rosetta still runs under OS 10.6 but is not bundled with the OS; can be downloaded for free from Apple.

Quicken Essentials for Mac was first released in 2010. All new code, slowly built from the ground up for Intel Macs. Limited feature set so far. Promising if you wait 1 to 3 more years; Intuit is very slowly releasing expanded versions (as free upgrades). As of late 2010, totally inadequate for securities owners (example: doesn't track cost basis by lots).

Quicken 2007: in the meantime, Intuit continues to support Quicken 2007 and has not eliminated features like stock quotes that they normally eliminate after 2 years. Aware of Quicken Essentials' limitations, they continued to offer Quicken 2007 for users that needed more features. Quicken 2007 became dangerously unstable in my experience. I relied on successive versions of Quicken "classic" including this one from 1992 to 2011. In the last several years, it's crashed or hung, corrupting my data. I had to track securities cost data using old statements and spreadsheets.

I switched to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Moneydance/dp/B00005A9VI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Moneydance</a>&nbsp;last month. Stable and well-supported by its developers. Tracks securities just fine. Importing Quicken data works well and quickly (follow their simple instructions exactly). Some inter-account transfers needed correction afterwards; this was straightforward. My corrupted Quicken securities data was automagically healed after importing. The interface is a little different than Quicken Classic -- better in some ways, not as good in others.

As of late 2010, other Quicken competitors such as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iBank-4/dp/B003WT1KAK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iBank 4</a>&nbsp;just didn't match Moneydance.
"Quicken Essentials For Mac" is a toy plastic knife for the tasks of skinning the personal finance grizzly bear. Its lack of essential features is a longstanding, running joke in the Mac personal finance user community. Intuit's epic failure to update Quicken for Mac -- now extending over more than seven years since release of Quicken for Mac 2007 in August 2006 -- the subsequent release of "Quicken Essentials", which actually was a downgrade, and Intuit's general neglect of the Mac OS, amount to the worst betrayal of customer loyalty and dashed customer hopes in the entire history of Mac software.

If you are looking for personal finance software for Mac, Intuit is the wrong place to look. Intuit has not updated Quicken for Mac since release of the 2007 version in August 2006. Quicken for Mac 2007 was just patched two or three times when its bugs and incompatibilities stopped it working in updates of Mac OS X. This "Quicken Essentials For Mac", although a later product than Quicken for Mac, has not been updated since 2010. It is a downgrade, and a contradiction in terms, because it has even fewer essential features than its out-of-date predecessor. It has no counterpart in the far more capable Quicken For Windows range.

The most capable and best-supported personal finance software for Mac, by far, is&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iBank-5-Download/dp/B00GUXLRCQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iBank 5 [Download</a>]. It has a different interface and works differently to Quicken, but has many similar capabilities, such as multiple currencies, that Intuit provides in its Quicken Windows products, yet inexcusably has failed to provide for the Mac OS. After accumulating 14 years of detailed financial data in Quicken for Mac, futilely waiting for a QFM upgrade that never came, and observing the release of this QEFM downgrade with despair and disgust, I switched to iBank at its version 4. Now I have almost 16 years of data in iBank 5 -- more detailed, reliable and useful than any data I previously kept in Quicken. My only regret has been that I did not switch sooner. My review titled 'The best and most full-featured personal finance software for Mac OS just got better', explaining in detail my experience of iBank 5, is at http://www.amazon.com/review/RUKMMLY61JDC6/

Ignore the silly, misinformed, unsubstantiated and fake reviews attacking iBank: iBank 5 is really a 4 to 5-star application. On the face of it, on average, Amazon customer reviewers rank both iBank and QEFM as two-star products. This appearance of equivalence is misleading: it suggests that these two products, iBank and Quicken Essentials For Mac, are equivalent, and that all "customer reviews" are equal -- or genuine -- when it is self-evident, on close examination, that none of this appearance of equivalence is True. The best substantiated, most factual reviews of Quicken Essentials For Mac prove that it is a deficient and inferior product with relatively few capabilities; while the best substantiated and most factual reviews of iBank prove that it is a capable, reliable and superior product, with many more capabilities and features for personal finance than QEFM.

For a far more accurate picture of what customers really think about these products than can be obtained from the raw numbers of positive or negative reviews in Amazon, it is necessary to consider the much higher proportion of helpful votes on substantiated positive reviews of iBank, compared to the highest proportion of helpful votes on substantiated *negative* reviews of QEFM.

So, how bad is "Quicken Essentials For Mac", really? The worst of all personal finance software for all operating systems, according to Amazon customer votes. QEFM is so bad that Intuit itself recommends Mac users seeking more and better features use, instead of QEFM,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Personal-Finances-2007-for-Mac-OLD-VERSION/dp/B000GI0HR2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Personal Finances 2007 for Mac [OLD VERSION</a>]. QEFM is so bad that Intuit admits its inferiority to an obsolete and deficient product which it has not updated for *more than seven years*.

Here are some revealing, mind-boggling actual statements copied and pasted from Intuit's own blurb for "Quicken Essentials":
"Quicken Mac 2007 and earlier users should note that this is a brand new product, so some of the features you've grown used to may not be included." (Double take. Read again. Yes, the maker explicitly admits that its "brand new product" -- which itself has not been updated for about four years -- lacks features of a slew of much older outdated products it supposedly replaces.)
"If you need more more advanced investment features, try Quicken Mac 2007."
"Can I export my data to TurboTax? Quicken Essentials for Mac does not support that capability. If you'd like that functionality, we recommend trying Quicken Mac 2007."

"Quicken Essentials For Mac" is so bad that Amazon customers have given more helpful votes, by multiples, to negative one-star reviews of it than to any positive or negative review of all personal finance software -- including all Quicken Windows products. This is an accurate reflection of the global Mac personal finance user community assessment of this backward product, and our frustration with Intuit.

Why Intuit has not drawn the right conclusions from Mac user feedback on product development, and has not taken the obvious and necessary course of cross-platforming the many good features it has rolled out in Quicken for Windows, is one of the great mysteries of the personal computer age.

At this date, the review with the most helpful votes (1,567 of 1,608) of *all personal finance software* in Amazon.com is Brent Stanley's one-star negative review of "Quicken Essentials For Mac", titled 'Don't even waste your time', at http://www.amazon.com/review/R3CHAGVHW73QDO/ . My personal favorite QEFM review is the third top-rated (294 helpful votes of 300), by George Beahm, titled 'In the words of Intuit's CEO Aaron Patzer: "Holy crap!" ', at http://www.amazon.com/review/R2KNUPS0QOPJER/ .

My review of the tragedy and stagnation of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Personal-Finances-2007-for-Mac-OLD-VERSION/dp/B000GI0HR2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Personal Finances 2007 for Mac [OLD VERSION</a>] can be read at http://www.amazon.com/review/R18R6HHP6PYNQ/

Some reviews and comments here in Amazon misguidedly advocate an extraordinarily risky, expensive and distasteful alternative to the obsolete Quicken Mac products: emulating, on a Mac, the Windows operating system that most Mac users never want to touch, for the sole purpose of running a Windows version of Quicken. No-one has better refuted this proposition, exposing its flaws and risks in detail, than Bernard A. Torbik in his one-star negative review of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Deluxe-2014-Download/dp/B00E7X9RUK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Deluxe 2014 [Download</a>], 'Save your money' at http://www.amazon.com/review/RHP4GOMV9CLL5/ . With 842 helpful votes of 884 total at 6 June 2014, IT professional Mr Torbik's one-star negative review is the top-rated of *all* 3,132 customer reviews of Quicken Deluxe 2014 by a factor of more than two to one. That's right: Quicken's most popular and best-supported personal finance product *for Windows* cannot attract even half the number of helpful votes to its top-rated positive customer review as has been received by its top-rated negative customer review. What does Mr Torbik now use and recommend in his top-rated review of Quicken Deluxe 2014 as the best personal finance solution for Mac? --&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iBank-5-Download/dp/B00GUXLRCQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iBank 5 [Download</a>]. He is a wise man.
No-one who is serious about personal financial accounting should buy this product.

Intuit has foisted yet ANOTHER outrage on the Mac user community with ANOTHER farcical release of a sub-par product. Yet ANOTHER so-called "Quicken for Mac" that is incompatible with and requires conversion from ANY of its own Quicken for Windows products; that lacks numerous essential features Quicken for Windows has had for years such as multiple currency capability.

Intuit has had 26 years to get it right, since the first Quicken for Mac in 1989. All they have done with their Quicken for Mac range since at least 2007 is produce the least capable of all personal finance software for Mac.

What is Intuit thinking? Do they think at all? What rational conclusion is possible from release of Quicken for Mac 2016after the debacles of Quicken Essentials and Quicken for Mac 2015than that Intuit thinks we Mac users are innumerate idiots, dupes, pushovers to have our pockets picked?

If you match that description, this is the product for you. If not, a swathe of far better full-featured Mac personal finance software is availableincluding iBank, Moneydance, SEE Finance, GnuCash and MyMoney.

Have I fallen into the trap and bought it? Noand I will not. I've read and compared its specifications with other products, including its immediate predecessor Quicken for Mac 2015, which I own. (See my detailed review, with 93 comments, on that disaster at https://www.amazon.com/review/RB8PUB93R2QVO/) . This is all rational and reasonable assessment needs to show that Quicken for Mac 2016 is a sub-par product.

Run, fly, flee, do not merely walk, from Quicken for Mac.
After years of waiting for Intuit to issue a proper upgrade of Quicken for Mac 2007 with cross-platform compatibility to its Windows range, I gave up in late 2012. I migrated all my financial data to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iBank-4/dp/B003WT1KAK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iBank 4</a>, a far more full-featured and better-supported application. The tipping point was to be told in October 2012 by Intuit not only that there is still no full upgrade to Quicken for Mac 2007, but also that as I'm not a US resident Intuit would not even provide me with the Mac OS X 10.7 Lion-compatible version of Quicken for Mac 2007 from the PowerPC version (16.0.2.- R3) I had been using!

I was a long-term user of Quicken, with 14 years of financial data recorded in it from June 1998 to October 2012.  I had been using both Macs and PCs (Macs preferred) since 1984. I migrated my financial data to Quicken in 1998 from an earlier Mac personal accounting application called Dollars & $ense, from a company called Monogram which went out of business about the same time their product succumbed to the Y2K bug.

Intuit long has had a popular and evidently well-supported financial software range for Windows, but its product development and support for the Mac platform went into terminal decline after 2007. Its support and customer service for Mac users now have degraded to a point of non-existence or uselessness. What totally impenetrable thinking led Intuit to this incredible outcome?  The answer is a mystery. Would Microsoft throw away its market advantage by failing to maintain cross-platform compatibility between Mac and Windows versions of MS Office, or Adobe its cross-platform compatible market dominance in imagery and PDF processing? No way!

When the initially excellent Quicken for Mac 2007 started showing its age, Intuit engaged in some two years of beta-testing and consultation with the Mac-user community.  This was among the largest scale, most hyped beta-testing and consumer consultations ever for any Mac product. It turned out that the long promised, much hyped Quicken Mac upgrade was nothing but vaporware. The only result was a dumbed-down standalone product, so-called&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Essentials-for-Mac-Download/dp/B003PDMNCC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Essentials for Mac  [Download</a>], the exact opposite of everything that the Mac-user community told Intuit we need!  Is it any wonder that we Mac users feel that Intuit has treated us with contempt?

Intuit's failure to build on its market potential with Mac users is a tragedy and farce. I highly recommended Quicken for Mac 2007 in earlier times when it was justly the market leader. Now, sadly, I must strongly recommend that Mac users avoid the product and its makers.

More than seven years now have passed since this last release of Quicken for Mac, in August 2006. Intuit never updated this out-of-date product -- merely patched it two or three times when its bugs and incompatibilities stopped it working in new versions of Mac OS X. Since 2010 Intuit has not even updated its only other personal finance software for Mac, the absurdly named&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Essentials-for-Mac-Download/dp/B003PDMNCC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Essentials for Mac  [Download</a>], a downgrade of Quicken for Mac which has even fewer essential features than its obsolete predecessor.

What on earth has been going on at Intuit that it has abandoned Mac product development? My best guess is that some totally unrealistic and irrational feedback, typically from a small number of noisy Mac personal finance users, has convinced Intuit that we Mac users are just creative types and airheads with no grasp of the mathematical logic, rational thinking and work discipline required to use full-featured personal financial accounting.

The unreasonableness of some customer negative feedback on personal finance software would be enough to alienate the most helpful software developers. Typically, the noisiest unreasonableless ranges across complaints about non-core, third party functions like bank downloads; blaming software for user error, or the consequences of user failure to read user manuals or to follow simple universal accounting principles. Has this unreasonableness convinced not only Intuit, but also other personal finance software makers, that we Mac users are financial and computer illiterates not worth their time and trouble? Could the impossible-to-satisfy high maintenance demands of financially illiterate customers also explain why even Microsoft never released its former personal finance product, Microsoft Money, for Mac -- and discontinued it for Windows in 2009?

Since migrating from Quicken for Mac 2007 to iBank in 2012, I am now in my third year with iBank. I highly recommend the current version&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iBank-5-Download/dp/B00GUXLRCQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iBank 5 [Download</a>] to all Mac users who are unafraid of the tiny amount of work, rational thinking and user manual reading necessary for serious, accurate personal finance recordkeeping. iBank's makers, IGG Software (with whom I have no association, except as a satisfied paying customer) specialize only in personal finance software for the Mac OS and portable iOS devices, iPad, iPhone and iPod Touch.

I have almost 16 years of continuous, detailed, accurate data in iBank. This is the best move I ever made in personal finance recordkeeping -- but the most unrealistic, unreasonable and absurd remarks I ever have seen about personal finance software continue to flow in attacks on iBank. Among the most absurd claims is that either of the two outdated Quicken personal finance products is as good as, or better than, the state-of-the-art iBank software, which has had more feature-rich updates in the past year than both Quicken Mac products in their combined lifetimes. This is not a matter of opinion or taste: it is objective fact about all the long list of capabilities iBank has, which are lacked by the Quicken Mac deficient duo.

In these days of widespread fake review writing, star ratings averaged from total positive or negative reviews in Amazon are less trustworthy than ever for product evaluation. Unfortunately, there is no certain method for distinguishing a merely silly or misinformed review from a fake. Significantly, a much higher proportion of helpful customer votes (far more difficult to fake than reviews) appears in Amazon on substantiated, detailed and factual positive reviews of iBank than on negative reviews and comments. The distribution of helpful votes gives the most accurate picture of what the Amazon customer community really thinks about products. It is unsurprising to find, on this measure, that Amazon customers rate an Intuit product,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Essentials-for-Mac-Download/dp/B003PDMNCC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Essentials for Mac  [Download</a>], the worst of all personal finance software -- not only for the Mac OS, but for Windows, Unix and *all* operating systems.
If you are a PC user thinking about switching to a MAC who relies upon Quicken then you need to understand that there is no Quicken equivalent for the MAC at this time.

Intuit is not very friendly towards the MAC community. Most of their products barely contain any of the features in their PC equivalent besides being several years behind in development.

Quicken essentials is an example of that.

Quicken 2007 was the last feature rich program produced. The problem is Quicken 2007 was written for the PowerPC Chip which Mac moved from. Quicken Essentials was re-written from the ground up but left out about 90% of the features found in Quicken 2007 let alone the fact Quicken 2007 was already missing features in its PC twin. Most have stuck with the five year old program as Rosetta which was included in 10.6 emulated the PowerPC chip on an Intel based MAC but UNFORTUNATELY Rosetta was dropped from 10.7 forward making Quicken 2007 obsolete if you upgrade your OS.

Do not buy Quicken Essentials. It is graphically pretty but lacks any features that you cannot already find just logging on your banks website.

1) Partition your computer into two drives. Install OS 10.6 on one drive and 10.7 on the other. Install Quicken 2007 on the 10.6 Drive.

2) Use iBank or MoneyDance
If you purchase the download for Quicken 2016 download, it says it only works on Yosemite.  If you purchase the disk, like I did, it says "Mac OS X, Mac OS X 10.10, implying that it works on earlier versions of Mac OS X than Yosemite.  It doesn't.  You have to upgrade to Yosemite.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-For-Mac-2016-Personal-Finance-Budgeting-Software/dp/B01326J5MC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken For Mac 2016 Personal Finance & Budgeting Software</a>
Not a good choice for most people.  Essentials only does allows basic functions and has very few "reports" available.

WORST feature - you cannot export QEM data files to any other financial software.  Intuit has allowed the data files to remain non-transferrable to IBank or to any Windows version.  They know the data cannot be exported and imported to other software and they do not care -- it must be part of their plan to keep customers.

SO BEWARE that if you buy QEM and use it for any length of time -- you will not be able (as of now) to import your data files in a useable form to any other financial software - such as IBank4 -- which is the financial software for a Mac that you should have used to begin with.  (The new IBank4 has many solid improvements and is a fully functioning financial software choice for Mac owners!&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ibank-4/dp/B003WT1KAK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ibank 4</a>

QEM is very basic and a minimal financial program.  It is not for any one who has used and liked other Quicken software or 0Money or a previous version of IBank.

Essentials is very limited and limiting!!!
Quicken Essentials for Mac meets my needs but is lacking many features thatbwere in Quicken for Mac 2007.  Quicken Essentials is compatible with Mac OS X 10.7 Lion.
Quicken Essentials for Mac is nothing more than what your bank or credit card companies send you every month.

This is not a replacement Quicken 2006 or any other programs you've bought in the past.

Instead of buying this program send your money to Nigeria you'll have about the same out come.

This is what happens when you out source your brain power. I'm sure the person that came up with this idea has received a promotion and pay raise.

Intuit should be embarrassed by the scam they pulled with this program. If you we're like me and trusted Intuit! Then all is not lost, ask for a refund and you shall receive.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/New-Intuit-Quicken-Essentials-For-Mac-Personal-Finance-Software-Simple-Money-Management/dp/B0050PIG7O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">New Intuit Quicken Essentials For Mac Personal Finance Software Simple Money Management</a><a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Essentials-for-Mac-Download/dp/B003PDMNCC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Essentials for Mac  [Download</a>]<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Essential-MAC/dp/B005556YZK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Essential MAC</a>

Topic 10: bad 0.02986 worse 0.01666 away 0.01431 poor 0.01382 totally 0.00986 gone 0.00886 gets 0.00809 stay 0.00793 interface 0.00687 quality 0.00636
 How Many: 26822
Last night - Feb 08 while watching the Grammys - I watched a brilliant, funny, Hollywood-scale production of a TV ad for TurboTax. The TV Ad depicted the Boston Tea Party. Colonists who had apparently commandeered a British supply ship were throwing wooden crates of tea overboard into Boston Harbor. British soldiers were down below in their life boats - who had apparently abandoned their supply ship. The colonists were yelling about Taxation as they tossed the crates of tea. From their life boats, the British yelled up to the Colonists "Well, what if we let you file your taxes for FREE?" This was a welcome idea to the colonists. "FREE?" - the Colonists stop revolting.  ...Cut to a bloody field battle between British soldiers and men and women Colonists - "FREE?" - they suddenly stop fighting.  ...Cut to George Washington and his troops crossing the Delaware in their rowboats. Washington, in his full General's uniform: "FREE?" - Washington orders his troops to "Back Up!" This TV Ad was Brilliant! Funny! Original! A Hollywood Production! It aired SEVERAL times during the Grammys - a prime time extravaganza. I am now CONVINCED that I will find another alternative to TurboTax. I am not willing to pay for this entertainment through the high-priced product that Intuit is now pushing on me. "FREE?" Nothing is free - including Hollywood productions.
It is unconscionable that taxpayers should be ripped off by having to buy software to do their taxes. And lest you say we are not forced to buy tax software then think again. No one can even figure out how to file anymore. The tax code is so complex it would take fifty lawyers working for you and even they would get your return wrong. I am sick of corporations controlling the market and having a virtual monopoly on an entire industry. The government should give every citizen free software and put all of these evil tax software companies out of business. But in this era of corrupt corporations stealing at will from hard working Americans I see nothing changing.

The end of the ultra corrupt and evil Bush Regime is a step in the right direction. Bush sold every American out to corrupt corporations and he even started a war based entirely on lies just so he could reward republican companies with multi-billion dollar contracts in Iraq. Face it, our soldiers are only in Iraq to serve as a low-paid mercenary force to protect the financial interests of corrupt corporations. The leaders of soulless, evil companies like Halliburton are living in million dollar mansions paid for with the blood of our soldiers.

I am all for capitalism, but it has to be responsible and accountable. And any industry that forms a monopoly, as the tax software criminals have, are abusing gouging the American people. Let's stop companies from raping the American consumer now!
I hate paying taxes upon taxes and more taxes.... only if you actually have A LOT of money can you avoid the majority of this burden... what was this country founded on anyhow , it certainly was not taking 1/3 or more of my wages for the government to give to some unworthy country or foreign nation to do what they will with it all while the bad mouth and take advantage of our country... guess that is what we donate our wages tips and earnings for them to do what they will all while lining the leaders of the countrys pockets....
All software has bugs in it, and so it is sometimes necessary to release software before one has all defects fixed 100%. And all companies deserve to sometimes override customer comfort in favor of the bottom line. But Intuit (the manufacturer of Quicken) does both in such a ham-handed and amateur way that they have become the poster child for mediocrity, bloatware, and authoritarian mandatory upgrades.

Even if one looks beyond the dozens of little nuisances in the Quicken 2011 UI, the quirky inability to customize data entry, and the bloatware aspects of the software, there are so many issues that continue to plague this product line year after year that it is a wonder they even remain in business. I have been a Quicken user since 1989/1990 because, honestly, it does most of what I need to do, and after 3 or 4 months of banging around inside a new version or release, I can eventually get it centered enough to not drive me crazy. I simply avoid using the areas of the product that are known to corrupt or lose financial data (and there are a bunch!).

But every three years, like some locust swarm, come the emails from Quicken with the news that they have given up trying to support whatever current release I use. I cannot get past the annual jaw-clenching animosity I feel towards the company when I get these so-called "sunset" discontinuance emails about how yet another very recent version of the program is being discontinued, and that one-thrid of current users will either now be forced to pay to upgrade to a new package which is guaranteed to be more bloated and more buggy than the one they have, or else be forced to finally say "No" to the sunsetter coercion and agree to stop getting on-line updates and what Quicken refers to (without any sense of apparent irony) as tech support.

Quicken claims that each new release is a major improvement in the update engine. Although this seems unlikely, given that the development team is arguably in over their heads in so many other aspects of the product, let's assume for a moment that it's True. WHY on EARTH would they spend their time making enhancements when there are so many year-after-year continuations of basic defects that get discussed all over the internet? How about taking one year and making it simply a "quality improvement" release and we'll skip the cool flashy features?

Quicken is really the only game in town , and they act like it. MS Money must have REALLY sucked since the only people on here who seem to be praising Quicken are ones who came to it after Money wnet down the tubes. PLease, ayone reading this who has an idea to creat a competing program against Quicken:  There are a million of us out here who will bail the instant someone, ANYONE can come up with a reasonable alternative. A company like Intuit, whose customers stay in the fold only because they are shackled through necessity, is a company that will always operate at a suboptimal level, and one that will always be on the precipice to fail.

Quicken 2011 is one more in a long line of bloated, bug-filled offerings from Intuit, further saddled with a fascistic sunsetting policy that brings business thuggery to a new level. Avoid this product.
All software has bugs in it, and so it is sometimes necessary to release software before one has all defects fixed 100%. And all companies deserve to sometimes override customer comfort in favor of the bottom line. But Quicken does both in such a ham-handed and amateur way that they have become the poster child for mediocrity, bloatware, and authoritarian mandatory upgrades.

Even if one looks beyond the dozens of little nuisances in the Quicken 2011 UI, the quirky inability to customize data entry, and the bloatware aspects of the software, there are so many issues that continue to plague this product line year after year that it is a wonder they even remain in business.  I have been a Quicken user since 1989/1990 because, honestly, it does most of what I need to do, and after 3 or 4 months of banging around inside a new version or release, I can eventually get it centered enough to not drive me crazy. I simply avoid using the areas of the product that are known to corrupt or lose financial data (and there are a bunch!).

But every three years, like some locust swarm, come the emails from Quicken with the news that they have given up trying to support whatever current release I use. I cannot get past the annual jaw-clenching animosity I feel towards the company when I get these so-called "sunset" discontinuance emails about how yet another very recent version of the program is being discontinued, and that one-thrid of current users will either now be forced to pay to upgrade to a new package which is guaranteed to be more bloated and more buggy than the one they have, or else be forced to finally say "No" to the sunsetter coercion and agree to stop getting on-line updates and what Quicken refers to (without any sense of apparent irony) as tech support.

Quicken claims that each new release is a major improvement in the update engine. Although this seems unlikely, given that the development team is arguably in over their heads in so many other aspects of the product, let's assume for a moment that it's True. WHY on EARTH would they spend their time making enhancements when there are so many year-after-year continuations of basic defects that get discussed all over the internet? How about taking one year and making it simply a "quality improvement" release and we'll skip the cool flashy features?

Quicken is really the only game in town , and they act like it. (yeah I know about MS Money and mint.com but they have their own issues)... There are a million of us out here who will bail the instant someone, ANYONE can come up with a reasonable alternative. A company like Intuit, whose customers stay in the fold only because they are shackled through necessity, is a company that will always operate at a suboptimal level, and one that will always be on the precipice to fail.

Quicken 2011 is one more in a long line of bloated, bug-filled offerings from Intuit, further saddled with a fascistic sunsetting policy that brings business thuggery to a new level.  Avoid this product.
All companies that overcharge customers deserve what happened to Digital Research (CP/M) when they tried to overcharge for the O/S for the IBM PC.  Microsoft was born.  You says you do not recognized Digital Research?  They were the only game in town before Microsoft.  They made a mistake that Dr. Gary Kildall will never forget.  Intuit has gotten too big to respect the customers that made them big.
Let's face it:  If software companies were criminals, Intuit would be the low life pimp on the street corner making sure he gets your sister hooked on crack so she could never leave him.

Every three years you'll have to fork over enough dough to buy this product all over again because you won't be able to download bank transactions unless you upgrade.  The justice department calls that extortion.  Intuit calls it a new feature set.

In my black and white dreams I sometimes assemble villagers with pitch forks and torches and we hunt and destroy the Frankensteinian monster that is called Intuit.  Then I wake up, chortle a bit and realize real life is never that satisfying.

Intuit, you're a bunch of slobs.  I only deal with you because I'm too lazy to port to another software product.
Bites. Overpriced for something that is basically a general questionnaire form filler and it always cames up with some found error and loops it continuing to ask for a correction when there is obviously no correction to be made. Intuit is one of those large companies who keep buying good small companies and then subsequently ruining them with their lack of focus.
"It is very easy to be blinded to the essential uselessness of [their products] by the sense of achievement you get from getting them to work at all. In other words - and this is the rock solid principle on which the whole of the Corporation's Galaxy-wide success is founded - their fundamental design flaws are completely hidden by their superficial design flaws."

If you enjoy hard puzzles, this is the SW for you.  I really like the Windows version, in contrast.  This is a never ending set of problems, so far.
only if they can fix the currency exchange rate. transferring from one currency to another results in 1:1 rate regardless of the exchange rate!

Topic 11: quickbooks 0.04208 business 0.03569 payroll 0.01809 intuit 0.01768 qb 0.01739 company 0.01714 pay 0.01293 small 0.01208 pro 0.01091 accounting 0.01044
 How Many: 26822
DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!

I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients.  I am fairly happy with QB overall, but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about.  I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I'm not happy.  QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way, and QB does not know what to do about it.  They don't seem to care either.  Apparantly, even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc., if they have access to the general ledger, then they have access to detail payroll data.  The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L.  So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll (a typical client need), user permissions doesn't do the trick.  Because even though they can't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module, they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger!!!  Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks!!!!

DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!
DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!

I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients.  I am fairly happy with QB overall, but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about.  I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I'm not happy.  QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way, and QB does not know what to do about it.  They don't seem to care either.  Apparantly, even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc., if they have access to the general ledger, then they have access to detail payroll data.  The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L.  So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll (a typical client need), user permissions doesn't do the trick.  Because even though they can't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module, they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger!!!  Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks!!!!

DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!
DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!

I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients.  I am fairly happy with QB overall, but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about.  I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I'm not happy.  QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way, and QB does not know what to do about it.  They don't seem to care either.  Apparantly, even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc., if they have access to the general ledger, then they have access to detail payroll data.  The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L.  So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll (a typical client need), user permissions doesn't do the trick.  Because even though they can't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module, they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger!!!  Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks!!!!

DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!
DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!

I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients.  I am fairly happy with QB overall, but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about.  I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I'm not happy.  QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way, and QB does not know what to do about it.  They don't seem to care either.  Apparantly, even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc., if they have access to the general ledger, then they have access to detail payroll data.  The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L.  So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll (a typical client need), user permissions doesn't do the trick.  Because even though they can't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module, they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger!!!  Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks!!!!

DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!
DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!

I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients.  I am fairly happy with QB overall, but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about.  I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I'm not happy.  QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way, and QB does not know what to do about it.  They don't seem to care either.  Apparantly, even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc., if they have access to the general ledger, then they have access to detail payroll data.  The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L.  So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll (a typical client need), user permissions doesn't do the trick.  Because even though they can't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module, they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger!!!  Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks!!!!

DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!
DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!

I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients.  I am fairly happy with QB overall, but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about.  I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I'm not happy.  QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way, and QB does not know what to do about it.  They don't seem to care either.  Apparantly, even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc., if they have access to the general ledger, then they have access to detail payroll data.  The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L.  So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll (a typical client need), user permissions doesn't do the trick.  Because even though they can't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module, they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger!!!  Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks!!!!

DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!
I finally cut the Quickbooks cord after using their products for over 15 years.  If money (cost) is not an object, this is a very good program and will do everything you need.  The problem for me the the continued rise and forced renewals of their programs.  First, you have to upgrade Quickbooks pro every 2 years because they stop support after that.  Payroll, though very robust, requires an annual subscription - but my renewal this year was $520.00!  That's just for Payroll.  In the past, it was actually cheaper for me to get packages like this on Amazon (Quickbooks Pro + Enhanced Payroll Bundles) for around $250.00 as opposed to renewing their subscriptions.  Keep in mind though, that "Enhanced" Payroll is only for 1 employee - if you have more, you have to upgrade that to "Unlimited" for about $100.00 (that cost might be more now but only available IF your grandfathered and have had the "Unlimited" Payroll in the past.  Now, I am told that option isn't available (unless you've had it in the past) so they want to steer everyone to their current Payroll that has a monthly charge PER employee.  Ridiculous!  Usually, they have been good about discounting my renewal (last year was discounted to $364.00 + tax, though I had to upgrade my Quickbooks Pro a few months later for another $200.00, so last year cost me essentially $564.00 for payroll (something I used to be able to do for less than $200.00 every couple of years in the past before companies like Peachtree & Quickbooks started offering in-house payroll processing.  I swear it seems they continue to raise the annual cost of doing payroll yourself so that you may finally give up and pay them to do it for you.  The lowest I could get them to discount this year's payroll subscription was $416 + tax (from $520.00).  Pass.  Going to Checkmark - full featured, stand alone (I purchased Quickbooks Pro but never used it for my accounting, just to use Quickbooks Payroll), $320.00 for the program, $200.00 annual renewals afterwards (CheckMark's pricing).  Nothing wrong with Quickbooks if you don't mind their price - but make sure you use a disposable credit card because no matter how many times they will tell you up front they will not auto renew - they will!  If I hadn't done this, my card would have been charged $520.00 this year, when I had another competitor's option for $320.00 (or even their own discount of $416.00 had it not auto renewed).  They need a valid credit card to start your subscription, so there's no way around this.
I HAVE BEEN USING QB SINCE 1993 WHEN VERSION 1.0 CAME OUT AND BEEN USING QB PAYROLL SINCE IT'S INCEPTION. OUR BUSINESS PURCHASED QB PRO 2012 WITH ENHANCED PAYROLL WITH A ONE YEAR SUBSCRIPTION AND INSTALLED IT IN DECEMBER OF 2012. OUR ENHANCED PAYROLL SERVICE DOES NOT EXPIRE UNTIL THE END OF 2013. WE RECEIVED AN IN EMAIL FROM THAT STATE: "Your annual subscription for Intuit QuickBooks Enhanced Payroll will be automatically renewed on 11/22/2013 at a price of $449, plus tax where applicable. The charge will appear as "Intuit QB Payroll" on the credit card listed below. You will also receive an email renewal confirmation notice on the day your credit card is charged." OUR ENHANCED PAYROLL SERVICE WAS PREMATURELY CANCELLED/TERMINATED WHEN I TOOK MY CREDIT CARD INFO OFF THE ACCOUNT SO THAT QB PAYROLL COULD NOT CHARGE ME $449. WHEN WE HAVE ALREADY ORDERED QB PRO 2014 WITH ENHANCED PAYROLL FOR ONE YEAR FOR $279.

NOW WE CANNOT FILE OUR FEDERAL QUARTERLY PAYROLL TAX RETURNS NOR MAKE PAYROLL TAX DEPOSITS EVEN THOUGH WE HAVE PAID FOR THE SERVICES. I AM REFERRING THIS MATTER TO THE WASHINGTON STATE ATTORNEY GENERALS OFFICE. IT IS AGAINST THE LAW TO CHARGE CUSTOMERS FOR SERVICES FOR A YEAR AND THEN CANCEL THOSE SERVICES BEFORE A YEAR HAS EXPIRED. I AM REALLY TIRED OF THE EXTORTION THAT QB PAYROLL HAS RESORTED TO IN ORDER TO FORCE CUSTOMER INTO PAYING OUTRAGEOUS AMOUNTS. THE ENHANCED PAYROLL CAN BE PURCHASED AS A PACKAGE WITH THE LATEST QB PRO FOR $170 LESS. WE HAVE CHOSEN THIS OPTION, BUT QB PAYROLL HAS TERMINATED OUR SERVICE PREMATURELY AND NOW IT IS TIME FOR THEM TO BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE. I HAVE BEEN ON THE PHONE (ON HOLD FOR OVER 2 HOURS) WITH THEIR CUSTOMER DIS-SERVICE DEPARTMENT IGNORING THIS MATTER AND ATTEMPTING TO HAVE ME GIVE UP AND HANG UP. QB PAYROLL IS NOT ALONE IN THIS PRACTICE OF CUSTOMER DIS-SERVICE WITH THEIR CALL CENTER TACTICS.

AFTER BEING A PAYING CUSTOMER OF INTUIT QB PRO, PREMIER, PAYROLL AND ENHANCED PAYROLL SINCE 1993, I WILL BE SWITCHING OUR BUSINESS AND PAYROLL SOFTWARE TO A COMPANY THAT HAS ETHICAL BUSINESS PRACTICES AND HIGH CUSTOMER RATINGS. OUR TRUE RATING IS A -10, WHICH IS UNFORTUNATE BECAUSE INTUIT USE TO BE A GOOD COMPANY.

FEED UP WITH INTUIT IN SPOKANE, WA
I HAVE BEEN USING QB SINCE 1993 WHEN VERSION 1.0 CAME OUT AND BEEN USING QB PAYROLL SINCE IT'S INCEPTION. OUR BUSINESS PURCHASED QB PRO 2012 WITH ENHANCED PAYROLL WITH A ONE YEAR SUBSCRIPTION AND INSTALLED IT IN DECEMBER OF 2012. OUR ENHANCED PAYROLL SERVICE DOES NOT EXPIRE UNTIL THE END OF 2013. WE RECEIVED AN IN EMAIL FROM THAT STATE: "Your annual subscription for Intuit QuickBooks Enhanced Payroll will be automatically renewed on 11/22/2013 at a price of $449, plus tax where applicable. The charge will appear as "Intuit QB Payroll" on the credit card listed below. You will also receive an email renewal confirmation notice on the day your credit card is charged." OUR ENHANCED PAYROLL SERVICE WAS PREMATURELY CANCELLED/TERMINATED WHEN I TOOK MY CREDIT CARD INFO OFF THE ACCOUNT SO THAT QB PAYROLL COULD NOT CHARGE ME $449. WHEN WE HAVE ALREADY ORDERED QB PRO 2014 WITH ENHANCED PAYROLL FOR ONE YEAR FOR $279.

NOW WE CANNOT FILE OUR FEDERAL QUARTERLY PAYROLL TAX RETURNS NOR MAKE PAYROLL TAX DEPOSITS EVEN THOUGH WE HAVE PAID FOR THE SERVICES. I AM REFERRING THIS MATTER TO THE WASHINGTON STATE ATTORNEY GENERALS OFFICE. IT IS AGAINST THE LAW TO CHARGE CUSTOMERS FOR SERVICES FOR A YEAR AND THEN CANCEL THOSE SERVICES BEFORE A YEAR HAS EXPIRED. I AM REALLY TIRED OF THE EXTORTION THAT QB PAYROLL HAS RESORTED TO IN ORDER TO FORCE CUSTOMER INTO PAYING OUTRAGEOUS AMOUNTS. THE ENHANCED PAYROLL CAN BE PURCHASED AS A PACKAGE WITH THE LATEST QB PRO FOR $170 LESS. WE HAVE CHOSEN THIS OPTION, BUT QB PAYROLL HAS TERMINATED OUR SERVICE PREMATURELY AND NOW IT IS TIME FOR THEM TO BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE. I HAVE BEEN ON THE PHONE (ON HOLD FOR OVER 2 HOURS) WITH THEIR CUSTOMER DIS-SERVICE DEPARTMENT IGNORING THIS MATTER AND ATTEMPTING TO HAVE ME GIVE UP AND HANG UP. QB PAYROLL IS NOT ALONE IN THIS PRACTICE OF CUSTOMER DIS-SERVICE WITH THEIR CALL CENTER TACTICS.

AFTER BEING A PAYING CUSTOMER OF INTUIT QB PRO, PREMIER, PAYROLL AND ENHANCED PAYROLL SINCE 1993, I WILL BE SWITCHING OUR BUSINESS AND PAYROLL SOFTWARE TO A COMPANY THAT HAS ETHICAL BUSINESS PRACTICES AND HIGH CUSTOMER RATINGS. OUR TRUE RATING IS A -10, WHICH IS UNFORTUNATE BECAUSE INTUIT USE TO BE A GOOD COMPANY.

FEED UP WITH INTUIT IN SPOKANE, WA
I'm a sole practitioner CPA and maintain about 20 separate sets of clients' books in my office.  Since both Intuit and Peachtree have "professional advisors programs" which aggressively solicit CPAs to shill for their software, I should also state that I'm in no way affiliated with either of them, nor any other software company (the fact that I must mention this demonstrates where the accounting profession is headed, but that's another story).
I realize that I'm swimming upstream here, but, in a word, I detest Quickbooks.  My clients who use it routinely bring me sets of books which they have messed up so badly that I run up big fees unraveling their errors.  The reason, in short, is that Quickbooks is not a legitimate double-entry self-balancing accounting package.  I believe that it's merely a dressed-up, aggressively marketed version of Intuit's checkbook program, Quicken.  Because of this, it's far too easy to make serious errors which the software will not detect.  Just one example: A single push of a button will convert your books from cash basis to accrual basis.  A client brought me his books which had a cash-basis balance sheet, an accrual-basis P&L, journals and ledgers which were some of both - and he had no idea why nothing balanced (if you don't know what I'm talking about, that's all the more reason to avoid this software)!  I keep a current version of Quickbooks on my computer ONLY as an accommodation to my clients who refuse to switch.
Both Intuit and Peachtree have rotten tech support. Both gouge their customers mercilessly for annual payroll updates.  Nevertheless, I do my best to get my clients to start with, or to switch to, Peachtree.  It's by no means a perfect solution, but it's at least a "real" double-entry system, therefore much more idiot-proof, more powerful, and generally bug-free. The learning curves of the two programs are now roughly equal, since Peachtree  has added an optional interface for non-accountants.
Finally, I'm not bashing the company, just this product.  I've been using Intuit's professional tax return preparation software (ProSeries) for many years, and I'm completely satisfied with it. But my bottom-line professional opinion here is that Quickbooks is simply not what it claims to be.  Use Peachtree, use MYOB, use ACCPAC Simply Accounting - any of which are preferable to this over-hyped and under-powered dog of an accounting program.

Topic 12: tax 0.06475 turbotax 0.03802 year 0.03426 state 0.0338 turbo 0.02941 return 0.02767 file 0.02133 taxes 0.0203 forms 0.01275 form 0.01033
 How Many: 26822
I have been using TurboTax Deluxe for many many years.  I had no problems following the software except when I got to the end where you choose to E-file or mail your forms.  Federal E-file is free but they wanted another $19.99 to E-file the state taxes PLUS $29.99 for processing fee.  I'm not happy with this at all.  I went ahead and Efile my federal and took the mail route for my state taxes.  The title made me think you were getting both federal and state free efiling. I will not be using this next year as you can efile your federal on line for free and I'll just do the mail route with the state taxes.
Be very careful if you file a child's taxes with this version of TurboTax.  If messed up by changing our son's status from "dependent of someone else" to "non-dependent" person.

This is the 10th+ year that I have used Turbo Tax to do our families taxes.  All of the other years I have never had an issue.  I currently have a son as a student.  We did his taxes (Imported from last year), and set him up as a dependent of mine for his personal filings.  We completed his simple return and efiled.  Since it was an easy filing, I did not make a detailed check of his forms assuming Turbo Tax did it correctly, stupid me.  Unknown to us, TurboTax desided to change his filing status from a dependent of mine to a non-dependent.  Thus when I attempted to file our taxes, it was rejected due to his SS# already being used (his personal return).  So now we are required to file an ammended return for him (both Fed and State).  His ammended taxes now have to be filed by mail and can take 8 or more weeks to be processed.  We are no longer allowed to efile our taxes due to this messup.  So not only do I loose my $19.95 for my State efile, but now I have to mail our returns also which will cost.  To send all of the taxes to the Fed and State will cost in excess of $10.  The worst part is that we have to let the IRS (both Fed and State) know that our son's taxes were ammended and we will have to wait until his ammended taxes are excepted and processed before ours are handled.  This will take over 3 monthes waiting for our return.

I would have thought it might have been us, but we have friends that also had this issue and were smarter then us and examined the forms before filing them and caught the problem.
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
