
Topic 0: game 0.07546 like 0.01851 just 0.0147 games 0.01452 play 0.01369 good 0.01221 really 0.01136 fun 0.01124 time 0.00977 graphics 0.00903
 How Many: 25962
I really didn't look forward to Resistance 2 like all the other fall games coming out until about 1 week before its release.  I played the 1st and enjoyed it but I didn't have internet at the time to try online play.  Whats so great about this game is PS3 exclusives are getting harder and harder to come by and PS3 owners should be proud of this one.I didn't buy this game but rented and if you have the money than buy it if not rent it and see what you think or maybe renting is better since our opinions differ so much and $60 is quite a bit of kablinky for a game you wont like or refuse to like.Graphics are maybe 4 stars.  1st off the graphics are somewhat of a short fall for such a big game.  A example of this is when I think its your San Francisco mission which I think is the 3rd and you walk out to see a massive fleet of ships flying in the sky and attacking in the distance which looks amazing but a close look at the city in the distance it reminded me of a old monster movie with cardboad cut outs of buildings but in 2D.  Its not that they are awfully ugly graphics its just there not special like when I 1st stuck in Halo 3 or Metal Gear Solid 4 and the game popped visually though these games still had little short falls as well graphically.  I know Halo 3 (since I own PS3, XBOX 360 and PC and am not biased to any since good games are on them all) isn't PS3 so no need to point it out and I only mean those graphics at the time when I stuck the game in it blew me away.  This game does make up for its graphics in sheer scope and gameplay which in the end is what really matters.  This game is more colorful than the 1st which I found with kind of a bland blend color pallet.  You expect next gen games to meet a certain criteria of graphics though so don't get me wrong graphics are still important its just not everything.In single player mode the 1st level is just the example of scope with giants roaming the landscape and blasting everything in sight and I thought what a fantastic way to start a game.  What I hoped for was a part of this game to have a wow factor to it and it does and quite frequently.  The amount of enemies can be overwhelming and there always seems to be a lot so you have to take your time sometimes and I found a lot of trial and error.  My 1st lesson was jumping in water and having my face ripped off by some water monstrosity or running in a room with enemies everywhere and fire from all directions.  I found another interesting thing was the attention to detail of the weapons especially the alien weapons.  I did like playing like a squad more than going solo with the A.I. characters.  I kinda missed split screen co op through the missions and I wonder why they took it out which I figured it must be b/c online.  I wish you could play campaign online like GOW but that's not really a big deal.The sound is fantastic since I wasn't too much of fan of the 1st sound design.  Everything sounds more organic and realistic or that might just be me being picky with sound.Single player is like a slice of the great cake that is Resistance 2 compared to the multiplayer  b/c multiplayer was the cake I ate the most of along with the persons hand holding the cake. That comment is just to show how much I enjoyed this experience online and craved it.  The XP is like a addiction just like in any other game where you want more and more of it.  This was my 1st experience on PSN and I loved it.  I have been on Live and online with the PC by the way and not meaning I was new to online play.  The 8 player co op is so awesome that you hope every game to come has something like it.  Its funner with a head set but you don't really need one since all you have to do is pretty much follow each other and stick together or your probably not gonna last.  Even though it would be nice to play campaign like that its really not that big of a deal next to how fun it is.  I do wish there was more maps and hopefully there will be more to come.  From my understanding is the more experience the players have the more difficult it is which stops it from getting boring.Deathmatch on the other hand is different non stop killing and chaos.  Even though I didn't like it as much as co op its still really enjoyable and very competitive.  For some reason there were 60 players and I kept getting killed by the same guy in different spots.  I thought "there was no way my internet connection can handle this"  since my connection isn't the greatest but to my surprise there was hardly any lag.  Its still up to your connection though to decide how well it plays but on there side so far so good.Even though I had a few problems great games deserve what they get and I stick by my 5 stars.  If you are not online you might wanna rent unless you have the money.  Multiplayer is where this game needs to be played to fully have the experience.
Well, I'm a little late as this game has been out for some time now.  So long in fact that you can't even buy the XBox version from Amazon itself, but from others in the Amazon Marketplace (new, used), which is what I did.  I was a little skittish at first to order it in this way, but it worked out very well.  In fact, I may have recieved it sooner than if I had been able to purchase it from Amazon.  The person must have shipped it the very same day.The graphics are really good for an Xbox title.  I also played the PC demo, so I know the graphics on the PC are much better.  One of the problems with having an XBox version is you can't play "Episode 2".  You also can't play multiplayer, it isn't even an option.  I thought it odd it had no multiplayer, then I read in another review that the PC version DOES have multiplayer.A few problems I had with this game were minor.  I'm not sure if it's the XBox controls, or just the game, but I would have trouble many times trying to do something as simple as get through a door.  I'd just get kind of get hung up for no reason that I could see (no clutter around me).  There was a lot of clutter in the game.  Not so much a bad thing, but sometimes it could make a simple task of walking hard as there was always stuff laying around.I also noticed some slow points as the XBox had trouble keeping up with the action.  This isn't a game issue.  In fact, I have a first gen XBox.  You may find a later generation works a little better.There are two driving levels.  I found them to be a pain.  The controls for the vehicles are not very good.  And, they just seem to go forever.  It may have been better if they split them up a bit.  They went on so long I found myself getting dizzy and had to take a break.Some aspects of the game were just amazing.  As much as I'd like to tell you about them, I don't want to spoil anything.  I know I didn't expect them, and it gave me a "WOW!" moment more than once.This isn't a straight up shooter like the Halo  series.  In many places you have to figure out how to get to the next area.  This can be frustrating.  I found myself in a room for about 15 minutes as I swam to the same places I had been to many times trying to figure out what the heck I missed.  And, it's always something really simple that makes you slap yourself on the head.One really nice thing about this game is the length.  I'm not sure how long it took me to beat it, but it was quite a few hours.  This is nice when you think of other games that only have about 7 to 10 hours of gameplay.  It really makes it feel like you got your moneys worth, even if it did only cost 12 bucks...lol
Hey all this is Sam AKA Para in the gaming review community. This is one of many gaming reviews I will be starting for Amazon, so I hope you enjoy. Going to be talking about LittleBigPlanet and LittleBigPlanet GOTY Edition and what I think is a SUPER AWESOME game. First off let's talk about the story which I have to say is fun and funny at the same time. It is so enjoyable to lay solo but with friends it is just so much more fun. The cut scenes are just hilarious at times and you are always wondering what they will think of next. It is just a well written story that is fun to play and see how it unfolds.Now for the gameplay, it was nice visually and audio wise. I just love the customization of each sack boy/girl. The way they implemented the motion control if neat, love doing the pelvic thrust LOL. The controls are so simple and could be learned while playing in minutes. As far as graphics go it is just superb. It is simple yet so detailed for a side scrolling game in a 3d world. You will be amazed at how the fire looks and just the overall stitching of your sack boy/girl. They look so real that you feel like that is your little pet and you don't want him to die in the fire or electric lol. Also the audio sound effects are a blast. Fire sounds real, the sack person getting burned is so funny and when they touch electric and pop, hilarious. There is just so much to do in this game that it will keep you playing and playing. With the game creation tools you will have endless gameplay here. I will talk more about that in the online/multiplayer section, which is next.Now for online/multiplayer which I can say is fun, let me rephrase that, it is over the top enjoyable and will have you playing for hours and not even know it. Playing with friends is so fun and funny that you will want to slap your friend over and over, I mean in the game not for real HAHA. Yes you can actually move the sack persons hands too and slap friends to the floor, wave to them, or even give them the finger.......well not that part but it is still funny. Online is a bit laggy though at times and getting into a game sometimes sticks because it might throw you in a game that is finishing or finished. Don't let the frighten you though, if you get a good connection to a game stick with those players cause it will be fun. Now for the creating, creating your own level is easy, there is a nice tutorial that is very helpful and will teach you the basics with some advanced stuff to. But it really all comes to your imagination. There are so many fun levels to play from Mario recreations to Music songs which is just mind blowing of how these players create this stuff. They really have made a game that has so much replay value and it is great to see the gaming community taking part in this. Also they have some fun add-ons like the Metal Gear Solid with the paint gun, which is a blast, literally.Overall Sony/MM has done a great job on the game and it will be played for years to come.Score out of 5Concept/Story: 5*, So fun and funny you will keep playing over and over trying to collect everything from the levels and figuring out new ways to complete the level.Graphics: 5*, For a side scrolling game with 3d implications this is the best. Everything has high details and you will think that sometimes you can see the strip of your sack person coming off after a bad death lol. Also the camera angles are so well placed that it makes the game much easier to play.Sound: 5*, With great graphics you must have great sound effects and they have pulled it off flawlessly.Entertainment Value: 5*, Fun with friends and even solo. I have to say though more enjoyable with friends and just having a good time goofing off.Control: 5*, Not really hard to learn.Replay Value: 5*, Playing with friends just makes this game so replayable but being able to create your own levels or play community levels makes this game endless for replay value.Thank you for your time, hope this review helps with your decision to buy the game. Take my word or don't take it, but this is a game you will be happy with purchasing.
Hey all this is Sam AKA Para in the gaming review community. This is one of many gaming reviews I will be starting for Amazon, so I hope you enjoy. Going to be talking about LittleBigPlanet and LittleBigPlanet GOTY Edition and what I think is a SUPER AWESOME game. First off let's talk about the story which I have to say is fun and funny at the same time. It is so enjoyable to lay solo but with friends it is just so much more fun. The cut scenes are just hilarious at times and you are always wondering what they will think of next. It is just a well written story that is fun to play and see how it unfolds.Now for the gameplay, it was nice visually and audio wise. I just love the customization of each sack boy/girl. The way they implemented the motion control if neat, love doing the pelvic thrust LOL. The controls are so simple and could be learned while playing in minutes. As far as graphics go it is just superb. It is simple yet so detailed for a side scrolling game in a 3d world. You will be amazed at how the fire looks and just the overall stitching of your sack boy/girl. They look so real that you feel like that is your little pet and you don't want him to die in the fire or electric lol. Also the audio sound effects are a blast. Fire sounds real, the sack person getting burned is so funny and when they touch electric and pop, hilarious. There is just so much to do in this game that it will keep you playing and playing. With the game creation tools you will have endless gameplay here. I will talk more about that in the online/multiplayer section, which is next.Now for online/multiplayer which I can say is fun, let me rephrase that, it is over the top enjoyable and will have you playing for hours and not even know it. Playing with friends is so fun and funny that you will want to slap your friend over and over, I mean in the game not for real HAHA. Yes you can actually move the sack persons hands too and slap friends to the floor, wave to them, or even give them the finger.......well not that part but it is still funny. Online is a bit laggy though at times and getting into a game sometimes sticks because it might throw you in a game that is finishing or finished. Don't let the frighten you though, if you get a good connection to a game stick with those players cause it will be fun. Now for the creating, creating your own level is easy, there is a nice tutorial that is very helpful and will teach you the basics with some advanced stuff to. But it really all comes to your imagination. There are so many fun levels to play from Mario recreations to Music songs which is just mind blowing of how these players create this stuff. They really have made a game that has so much replay value and it is great to see the gaming community taking part in this. Also they have some fun add-ons like the Metal Gear Solid with the paint gun, which is a blast, literally.The added content of the GOTY edition is a nice touch for the price and saves you some money.Overall Sony/MM has done a great job on the game and it will be played for years to come.Score out of 5Concept/Story: 5*, So fun and funny you will keep playing over and over trying to collect everything from the levels and figuring out new ways to complete the level.Graphics: 5*, For a side scrolling game with 3d implications this is the best. Everything has high details and you will think that sometimes you can see the strip of your sack person coming off after a bad death lol. Also the camera angles are so well placed that it makes the game much easier to play.Sound: 5*, With great graphics you must have great sound effects and they have pulled it off flawlessly.Entertainment Value: 5*, Fun with friends and even solo. I have to say though more enjoyable with friends and just having a good time goofing off.Control: 5*, Not really hard to learn.Replay Value: 5*, Playing with friends just makes this game so replayable but being able to create your own levels or play community levels makes this game endless for replay value.Thank you for your time, hope this review helps with your decision to buy the game. Take my word or don't take it, but this is a game you will be happy with purchasing.
First off I will say I got this game for $30 and not $60 since there was a special offer for it.  Overall I found this game to be a decent game.  Anytime I buy a first person shooter I always play the single player campaign which I found to be pretty good.  Yes it did feel very linear like most fps games now but I enjoyed it.  Graphics look great in single player and the sound was great as well to the point I actually had to turn my headphones down from the explosions.  Despite the campaign being rather short (5 hours for me on normal) I still enjoyed. It was pretty straight forward and easy to follow.  Now multiplayer on the other hand I'm still not impressed with.  First off I don't what they did but the graphics took a 180 turn and looked like total crap.  After reading on the forums I read that changing them to ultra, if your computer can handle it, tends to help a little better which it did.  Gameplay wise it felt like I was back in cod.  Team deathmatch is absolutely slow and pretty much impossible to find anybody who isn't sitting in a building waiting for you.  So far my favorite modes are sector control and home run which I can actually do something in for a change.  I will say the hardest part of mp is playing by yourself.  If you're not playing with a friend or able to communicate with your "buddy" have fun.  People seem to go their own way and then you'll start dying a lot and find it not fun at all.  Playing with a friend I found it to be fun and I was able to accomplish some things.  Only other problem for me seems to be bullet damage which seems to be low unless you get a head shot every time.  If that got fixed I'd be satisfied.So for $30 I found it to be a good game when I don't feel like playing bf3 or any other games. If you're paying $60 for the game I would hold off unless you have any friends who have the game, because like I said it's not a very friendly game playing with randoms.
I had to write a review for this game because I read some of the negative reviews that it received. First of all, as a fan of The Godfather movies, I really enjoyed this game. It is an improvement over the original game. They fixed a lot of the problems from the first and made some tweaks to the game play. The game play is where this game shines.This game is in the vein of Grand Theft Auto and copies much of the ideas behind it so you will be deciding what to do, how to do it, and when. You actually get to be like the characters in the game. In that sense you are immersed in the Godfather universe.The game falls a bit on the easy side which is a good thing if you are buying this game for a someone who enjoyed the movie or the first game who is not a hard-core gamer. For someone like me, who is not a hard-core gamer, it is a good thing. I don't have the time to become one of those hard-core gamers mind you as I don't spend my days playing video games all day online or otherwise. I do have a life after all. You don't have to run through hoops to get to the next level. Some games can be too difficult and I have encountered my share of those but this one is just right.As far as the graphics are concerned, they are spectacular though not as detailed like let's say Call of Duty Modern Warfare. In my opinion that is one of the best games available but is on the very short side. I completed that game in roughly five hours. If you are mainly concerned with graphics then maybe you should get that game. But if you are looking for fun game play, look no further. The Godfather II has game play covered really well. This is where the game really shines. I found the game to be very engaging and kept me hooked for roughly ten hours which is about par for most video games. The fact that it got me playing it through to the end is an accomplishment in itself as many games do not keep you wanting to come back for more. This is not one of those games that will collect dust on the shelf. As far as replay value, I cannot say that I play a game over once I have completed it. Some people like to play a game over to get all the bonus items but I am not one of those.If you liked the movies and/or the first game, you should check this game out. Right now I notice that the price has been dropped significantly. I think this game is worth more than the price that it is going for right now. I suspect that this game has not sold like other blockbuster games because Electronic Arts did not do a good job of marketing it through the media. Marketing is very important and this game sadly did not get the attention it deserved. Most movie licensed games are not very good as they are basically made as a tie-in to make a quick buck but this one is one of the exceptions. If you were on the fence wondering whether to plunk your hard-earned money on this game, now is the time to get it as now the price is right. You can't go wrong with this game. This game warrants a four-star rating overall.
This is a review for the Playstation version of The World Is Not Enough.Unbelievable.  That's all I have to say after reading one negative review after another for this game.  I HIGHLY disagree with all the people who hate it.  Let's sort through all the reasons people put the game down, and see if they're actually true:- No multiplayer.  Big deal.  It wouldn't hurt anyone to play a game by themselves for a change.  Let's all bash Super Metroid too, because it's only one-player.  Give me a freakin' break.- Horrible play control.  WRONG!  It's *exactly* the same as Medal of Honor and Quake II.  Okay, sometimes when going around a turn you might get stuck on an imaginary object on the side of the hallway (and stop moving completely until you straighten yourself out) but I can seriously think of a bunch of games that are MUCH worse off than this.  Try Duke Nukem: Time to Kill for the ultimate example of "bad play control".  Leave this game alone, for crying out loud.  I can move Bond around through the game perfectly almost 100% of the time.  Even if it feels weird the first time controlling Bond in a first-person shooter, you'll adjust with time.- Weak animations from guards dying.  ANOTHER huge exaggeration.  NOT TRUE.  When you shoot and kill a guard in The World Is Not Enough, they actually copy some of the spectacular-looking animations from Medal of Honor.  How the heck can people criticize this?  I'm not sure.  Okay, sometimes the guards move around a little blocky, but what can you expect from a Playstation One game?  Besides, it feels like an arcade game this way.- Short levels, short game overall.  Yes, I can agree with this... to an extent.  But putting down a video game because of its length is overrated anyway, unless it's EXTREMELY short (like, if a game takes less than 1 hour to complete).  However, The World Is Not Enough takes at LEAST an hour and a half to finish.  Let's not forget about that darn blackjack game where you have to make $100,000 in order to progress to the next level.  It might take you a long time to win that much money.- Repetitive music.  This is a gigantic mystery to me.  Each of the 11 levels have at least four different theme songs (memorable ones, too).  It's not just ONE theme song throughout the entire game like so many reviewers seem to believe.  I have no idea what people are complaining about.  I really don't.- Having to sort through items and weapons.  This isn't a problem either.  There's two ways you can do this.  You can either hit the Square or Triangle buttons and skim through everything you have, or, for people who hate sorting through things, you can simply press the Start button and scroll down to where it says Inventory, and find what you're looking for right there (easily and conveniently).  There is not a single problem sorting through weapons in this game.- Too many unnecessary gadgets.  Not really true.  Everything you carry in your item list has a purpose.  Sometimes you might experience a bit of overkill when it comes to having to use some of these items on several occasions in order to finish a level (Level 5 especially) but other than that, it's not a big enough deal to complain about it.- Not enough shooting.  Again, not really true.  Sure, compared to Medal of Honor's 20-some levels filled with plenty of guards, this game probably feels a little empty.  Not comparing The World Is Not Enough to anything and just accepting it the way it is reveals a really good action-packed game.  You use stealth probably only two or three times in the entire game.  The rest of the time is spent shooting.You know something cool about this game nobody even mentions?  You have the option to PUNCH guards and knock them out if you run out of bullets.  I ran out of tranquilizer bullets in Level 5 for example, and had an absolute blast going around punching everyone to death.  This is a nice extra touch to an already above average game.Like I said to a friend the other day- the only reason people are bashing this game is because it's not at the same level of brilliance as Goldeneye on the N64.  Big deal.  Do you really think it's possible to surpass such an awesome game?  Yeah it's possible, but it hasn't happened that much, I can tell you that.  Only about 10 games in the last seven years managed to surpass Goldeneye's amazing gameplay.  The World Is Not Enough was never intended to be "the number one most influential game".  It was intended to satisfy fans of Bond games and fans of first-person shooters and in that respect, the game works just fine.The variety of levels in this game is, for the most part, pretty good.  It's surprising to me that the very first level requires you to quietly move around guards and cameras and NOT be seen by them.  Most games start off with a basic shooting level.  Not this game.  However, your urge to shoot everything you see will come in handy as soon as Level 2.  You will be shooting guards left and right, and the guns you can carry are really spectacular to watch, and effective on dangerous guards.  There's a nice selection of guns overall.The games difficulty ranges from really easy and short (Levels 1 and 2) to EXTREMELY hard (the last two levels of the game).  The only inconsistent level in the game would be Level 3, because the end of that level is pretty tough.  This is the skiing level.  By the way, this is actually a pretty fun level.  It's not mindlessly going down a snowy hill like some people will try and tell you- you have to ski the right way in order to collect bullets that are located on the ground, and while doing this, you have to either shoot or dodge guards who are hiding behind crates.  Not mindless at all.I love this game.  I don't know what's wrong with the people who hate it.  You really have to stop comparing everything to Goldeneye.  Time to move on.  The only possible problem I can find with this game is when you reach the end of a level, and the final obstacle isn't always clear what you have to do.  You can find those answers on the internet though, so it's not a big deal.  Great game.  I'm glad I own it.
This is a review for the Playstation version of The World Is Not Enough.Unbelievable.  That's all I have to say after reading one negative review after another for this game.  I HIGHLY disagree with all the people who hate it.  Let's sort through all the reasons people put the game down, and see if they're actually true:- No multiplayer.  Big deal.  It wouldn't hurt anyone to play a game by themselves for a change.  Let's all bash Super Metroid too, because it's only one-player.  Give me a freakin' break.- Horrible play control.  WRONG!  It's *exactly* the same as Medal of Honor and Quake II.  Okay, sometimes when going around a turn you might get stuck on an imaginary object on the side of the hallway (and stop moving completely until you straighten yourself out) but I can seriously think of a bunch of games that are MUCH worse off than this.  Try Duke Nukem: Time to Kill for the ultimate example of "bad play control".  Leave this game alone, for crying out loud.  I can move Bond around through the game perfectly almost 100% of the time.  Even if it feels weird the first time controlling Bond in a first-person shooter, you'll adjust with time.- Weak animations from guards dying.  ANOTHER huge exaggeration.  NOT TRUE.  When you shoot and kill a guard in The World Is Not Enough, they actually copy some of the spectacular-looking animations from Medal of Honor.  How the heck can people criticize this?  I'm not sure.  Okay, sometimes the guards move around a little blocky, but what can you expect from a Playstation One game?  Besides, it feels like an arcade game this way.- Short levels, short game overall.  Yes, I can agree with this... to an extent.  But putting down a video game because of its length is overrated anyway, unless it's EXTREMELY short (like, if a game takes less than 1 hour to complete).  However, The World Is Not Enough takes at LEAST an hour and a half to finish.  Let's not forget about that darn blackjack game where you have to make $100,000 in order to progress to the next level.  It might take you a long time to win that much money.- Repetitive music.  This is a gigantic mystery to me.  Each of the 11 levels have at least four different theme songs (memorable ones, too).  It's not just ONE theme song throughout the entire game like so many reviewers seem to believe.  I have no idea what people are complaining about.  I really don't.- Having to sort through items and weapons.  This isn't a problem either.  There's two ways you can do this.  You can either hit the Square or Triangle buttons and skim through everything you have, or, for people who hate sorting through things, you can simply press the Start button and scroll down to where it says Inventory, and find what you're looking for right there (easily and conveniently).  There is not a single problem sorting through weapons in this game.- Too many unnecessary gadgets.  Not really true.  Everything you carry in your item list has a purpose.  Sometimes you might experience a bit of overkill when it comes to having to use some of these items on several occasions in order to finish a level (Level 5 especially) but other than that, it's not a big enough deal to complain about it.- Not enough shooting.  Again, not really true.  Sure, compared to Medal of Honor's 20-some levels filled with plenty of guards, this game probably feels a little empty.  Not comparing The World Is Not Enough to anything and just accepting it the way it is reveals a really good action-packed game.  You use stealth probably only two or three times in the entire game.  The rest of the time is spent shooting.You know something cool about this game nobody even mentions?  You have the option to PUNCH guards and knock them out if you run out of bullets.  I ran out of tranquilizer bullets in Level 5 for example, and had an absolute blast going around punching everyone to death.  This is a nice extra touch to an already above average game.Like I said to a friend the other day- the only reason people are bashing this game is because it's not at the same level of brilliance as Goldeneye on the N64.  Big deal.  Do you really think it's possible to surpass such an awesome game?  Yeah it's possible, but it hasn't happened that much, I can tell you that.  Only about 10 games in the last seven years managed to surpass Goldeneye's amazing gameplay.  The World Is Not Enough was never intended to be "the number one most influential game".  It was intended to satisfy fans of Bond games and fans of first-person shooters and in that respect, the game works just fine.The variety of levels in this game is, for the most part, pretty good.  It's surprising to me that the very first level requires you to quietly move around guards and cameras and NOT be seen by them.  Most games start off with a basic shooting level.  Not this game.  However, your urge to shoot everything you see will come in handy as soon as Level 2.  You will be shooting guards left and right, and the guns you can carry are really spectacular to watch, and effective on dangerous guards.  There's a nice selection of guns overall.The games difficulty ranges from really easy and short (Levels 1 and 2) to EXTREMELY hard (the last two levels of the game).  The only inconsistent level in the game would be Level 3, because the end of that level is pretty tough.  This is the skiing level.  By the way, this is actually a pretty fun level.  It's not mindlessly going down a snowy hill like some people will try and tell you- you have to ski the right way in order to collect bullets that are located on the ground, and while doing this, you have to either shoot or dodge guards who are hiding behind crates.  Not mindless at all.I love this game.  I don't know what's wrong with the people who hate it.  You really have to stop comparing everything to Goldeneye.  Time to move on.  The only possible problem I can find with this game is when you reach the end of a level, and the final obstacle isn't always clear what you have to do.  You can find those answers on the internet though, so it's not a big deal.  Great game.  I'm glad I own it.
First off, I'd like to say I wasn't expecting this game to be at all what it is. I was expecting a half-assed game that was similar to the crap heap Syphon Filter; but I was wrong. Why? Because this game is amazing. I saw the reviews of 9 and above all over the net, so I decided to rent this. I am glad I did. It is just a fantastic game that blends in Goldeneye 007 gameplay in with Spinter Cell. Here is my review:Graphics: 9.5/10. Some of the best graphics ever on a PSP game. The ingame graphics are great, but the video's ( like the one at the beginning of the game ) is absolutely stunning. They look damn realistic, the only real problem is that the lips don't move realistically; other then that; these are some freakishly nice looking graphics even for the PSP.Sound: 9/10. Nice voice-overs. Nice gun sounds. It's all really good but nothing special. Hell, there is music in the background at times; and you hear chitchat among A.I. characters.Control: 9/10. Really quite similar to SOCOM Fireteam Bravo in ways... you can use L to lock on, and R to fire at the guy, or to look around you can use the triangle, circle, X, and O buttons. The controls can definitely be frustrating at times though because it can be a matter of life or death depending on how quick you can line the crosshairs up on a guy long range before he kills you.Fun: 9/10. I've only played single player ( my wifi is broken at the moment ) and so far I am amazed at how spectacular this game is. It took me about 10-15 minutes to get used to the controls, the graphics look amazing, the sound fits well, and it's just an awesome game to play. If you like playing games like Splinter Cell, SOCOM, or hell, just shooting games in general, you have to play this. It's confusing, hard, and aggrivating at times, but after you get through it you won't experience it for awhile. This game really is just a some-what difficult game, but for the most part, it isn't bad at all. Even if you don't like shooters; this is still worth a look. I haven't even PLAYED the Multiplayer yet; that has to be some killer stuff. Have fun.9.2/10
The game blew me away!I like the game so much that I had to make a review for it.I expected it would have around four stars and was interested to see what others though of it.Only to come here and see a lot of negative and rather opinionated reviews.To each his own.I haven't played the Crysis in a long time and I don't even remember it being as fun as this is.First right away I way amazed how great the graphics were from the beginning.The game has one of the best looking and smoothest graphics engines I have ever seen period.There are hardly any stalls at all.And even ALT-TAB out of the game and back if very smooth.How they managed to make it so smooth and make such cool effects is just pure magic!The cinematics, sound effects, music, voices, map design, everything fantastic!More on the graphics there was countless effects to fit situations and it all feels/looks natural.You just got to see it to believe it!The great quality of made the game very immersive and fun.A lot of solo FPS games to me seem kind of bland and predictable, and I never felt that with this game.I didn't get much sleep a lot of nights, had to play and play for hours.Just awesome.Now it's not perfect either (if there ever was a perfect game).I did feel like the checkpoint system is a byproduct of console portability but don't see it as a problem.Most if not all of the checkpoints are not that far from another, come on people!Any time I quit the game and came back I didn't feel like I was repeating anything.If anything just make it a point to quit at the next checkpoint when it's about time for you toquit for the night/day.Talk about being picky, there are a lot of PC games that have just horrible "consolitis".This isn't one of them.Again I loved it, and I'd recommend anyone to play it.Maybe the best and smoothest graphics you've ever seen.Leaves me wondering, that hopefully other developers will license the engine just to see more of the awesome graphics.

Topic 1: maps 0.00652 weapons 0.00627 enemy 0.00598 battlefield 0.0056 multiplayer 0.00542 missions 0.00534 campaign 0.00493 team 0.00417 war 0.00411 guns 0.00376
 How Many: 25962
I have played the Chinese against the UN. I have, at my whim, subverted Venezuelan revolutionaries, kidnapped and executed executives, run tanks through VZ government palaces and exploded oil platforms. I have launched missiles at reinforced bunkers, chased gunboats through minefields, and dropped shipping containers on the heads of civilians from black helicopters. I have hijacked troop transports, destroyed historic castles and run guns for Jamaican pirates. I have blownup billboards with rocket launchers and run missile gunships aground. I have thrown more grenades and flipped more jeeps than I can count. I have stolen millions of dollars, sabotaged fuel depots, tasked satellites over refineries and dropped the mother of all bombs on a hillside favela. I have dealt with money grubbing gringo mercenaries, ball busting female insurgents, Rastafarian bird smugglers, pierced Irish playboys, ambitious Chinese colonels and drunken Russian pilots. I have swung from helicopter skids and thrown men to their deaths 3000 feet above the jungle floor. I have snuck through government checkpoints in rustbucket heaps armed with only a sidearm. I have called in carpet bombing airstrikes on UN peacekeepers. I have rained artillery fire on office buildings in the middle of business districts and watched them crumble in huge clouds of concrete dust while chomping a cigar. I have pistol whipped dignitaries and handcuffed them only to execute them because I have double crossed the clients who already paid my bounty. I have run armored personnel carriers through tarpaper shacks and demolished military barracks with C4. I have crawled out from under the wreckage of helicopters falling from the sky, victims of combat air patrols. I have dropped fuel air devices, cluster bombs and even a nuclear bunker buster that I extorted from an American general just to get revenge.I am the danger.
(...)Experience Middle-earth like never before in The Lord of the Rings, The Battle for Middle-earth, the first The Lord of the Rings game that puts you in command of a real-time, open world. Control the legendary heroes, massive armies, and epic campaigns of Middle-earth in over 25 missions based on all three films of The Lord of the Rings trilogy. From waging all-out combat among the vast forces of good and evil to controlling your favorite heroes and characters to managing the troops and resources of your side, the fate of a living, breathing Middle-earth is in your hands.Key Features-Fight the epic, sweeping battles from the Academy Award-winning The Lord of the Rings film trilogy from a whole new perspective-as commander of hundreds of soldiers and creatures. Control massive armies and interactive battlefields across the vast world of Middle-earth. Lead the forces of good or evil by controlling one of four unique groups, from the Riders of Rohan to the forces of Sauron, each with its own playing style, resource management, and base-building techniques. Take command of strategic territories across a highly detailed, 3D map of Middle-earth and turn the tide in the battle to control The One Ring. Forge new heroes, customize their abilities and powers, then lead them into battle where they'll gain experience and rank in their quest for victory.Watch your armies come to life as they express emotion-from anger to fear to triumph-when reacting to events and their surroundings. Make smarter and faster decisions in the heat of battle with an all-new intuitive, streamlined interface that gives you contextual control of your forces and structures. Challenge fellow rulers online in massive multiplayer battles."-From eagames.comCheck out sweet screenshots and videos at eagames.comThe four playable sides with info on their weaknesses and strengths are as followed:"GondorStrengths: Defense, economy (lots of economy upgrades and get money within the safety of their castle, lots of allies they can summon to their aid), knights, rangers, army of the dead, eagles.Weaknesses: Not as strong at offense, more reliant on castle walls, fewer troop numbers, low mobility - have knights but unable to quickly exploit enemy mistakes.Resources: Farms, blacksmith, gold from killing enemies.Heroes: Gandalf, Faramir.RohanStrengths: Powerful versatile fast offense - horsemen, best and most heroes in the game, magical allies like ents and elves.Weaknesses: Low numbers, only moderate defenses.Resources: Farms, gold from killing enemies.Heroes: Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli, Theodin, Eowyn, Eomer.IsengardStrengths: Large numbers of tough urak-hai, powerful magical spells (like change the weather and exotic technologies), bombs, ladders, balistas.Weaknesses: Poor defenses, weak heroes, high resource consumption.Resources: Slaughter house, forge, lumber mill, gold from burning down enemy buildings.Heroes: Saruman, Lurtz.MordorStrengths: Free troops encourage wave assault tactics, sacrifice your own troops for veterancy and cash.Weaknesses: No defenses, weak individual soldiers, no ability to upgrade troops except for veterancy.Resources: Slaughter house, forge, lumber mill, gold from burning down enemy buildings.Heroes: Witch King, Nazgul."-From gamespy.com
(...)Experience Middle-earth like never before in The Lord of the Rings, The Battle for Middle-earth, the first The Lord of the Rings game that puts you in command of a real-time, open world. Control the legendary heroes, massive armies, and epic campaigns of Middle-earth in over 25 missions based on all three films of The Lord of the Rings trilogy. From waging all-out combat among the vast forces of good and evil to controlling your favorite heroes and characters to managing the troops and resources of your side, the fate of a living, breathing Middle-earth is in your hands.Key Features-Fight the epic, sweeping battles from the Academy Award-winning The Lord of the Rings film trilogy from a whole new perspective-as commander of hundreds of soldiers and creatures. Control massive armies and interactive battlefields across the vast world of Middle-earth. Lead the forces of good or evil by controlling one of four unique groups, from the Riders of Rohan to the forces of Sauron, each with its own playing style, resource management, and base-building techniques. Take command of strategic territories across a highly detailed, 3D map of Middle-earth and turn the tide in the battle to control The One Ring. Forge new heroes, customize their abilities and powers, then lead them into battle where they'll gain experience and rank in their quest for victory.Watch your armies come to life as they express emotion-from anger to fear to triumph-when reacting to events and their surroundings. Make smarter and faster decisions in the heat of battle with an all-new intuitive, streamlined interface that gives you contextual control of your forces and structures. Challenge fellow rulers online in massive multiplayer battles."-From eagames.comCheck out sweet screenshots and videos at eagames.comThe four playable sides with info on their weaknesses and strengths are as followed:"GondorStrengths: Defense, economy (lots of economy upgrades and get money within the safety of their castle, lots of allies they can summon to their aid), knights, rangers, army of the dead, eagles.Weaknesses: Not as strong at offense, more reliant on castle walls, fewer troop numbers, low mobility - have knights but unable to quickly exploit enemy mistakes.Resources: Farms, blacksmith, gold from killing enemies.Heroes: Gandalf, Faramir.RohanStrengths: Powerful versatile fast offense - horsemen, best and most heroes in the game, magical allies like ents and elves.Weaknesses: Low numbers, only moderate defenses.Resources: Farms, gold from killing enemies.Heroes: Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli, Theodin, Eowyn, Eomer.IsengardStrengths: Large numbers of tough urak-hai, powerful magical spells (like change the weather and exotic technologies), bombs, ladders, balistas.Weaknesses: Poor defenses, weak heroes, high resource consumption.Resources: Slaughter house, forge, lumber mill, gold from burning down enemy buildings.Heroes: Saruman, Lurtz.MordorStrengths: Free troops encourage wave assault tactics, sacrifice your own troops for veterancy and cash.Weaknesses: No defenses, weak individual soldiers, no ability to upgrade troops except for veterancy.Resources: Slaughter house, forge, lumber mill, gold from burning down enemy buildings.Heroes: Witch King, Nazgul."-From gamespy.com
Hi there! I will be writing a detailed review of Battlefield 4. I'll be dividing the main features into sections; multiplayer, singleplayer, weapons, vehicles, etc.A little background for those who are new to the Battlefield series. The Battlefield games incorporate teamwork, a lot of weapons, and a whole lot of vehicles. Any military vehicle you see on the battlefield can be driven. Since the very first BF game, BF1942, you can do this. Hop into a Sherman tank, ME109 fighter, and Tiger tank. It's still the same in BF4. Roll in a Russian T-90 tank, DV-15 attack boat, Warthog ground attack jet, and much more. If you like epic large scale combat with infantry attacks supports with heavy tanks and helicopters this game is for you! The amount of content is huge; you'll be immersed in it for months if not years. This game offers the option to use different types of tank munitions! Same goes for attack boats, you can choose 25mm cannons or 30mm cannons.Without further ado let's start.Multiplayer: Multiplayer is the main reason people buy these games, this mode let's you have endless fun. In the Multiplayer mode you have the options for Quick Match, Server Brower, and Test Range.Quick Match let's you choose from a list of game modes and joins you to a random server on a random map. You don't have the option to choose a map.In Server Browser you can search for servers and join any map you want. You can see how many players there are on the server, the type of server, the ping, map rotation, settings, region, game mode, etc. You can view your History, which servers you've played on recently. You can add any server to your Favorites list. You can also search for server by name. Right now all servers playable are managed by DICE/EA, I don't know when rentable server will come online. In Battlefield 3 you are able to rent server and choose the map rotation, if you want to play on Parcel Storm all the time you can do that on your server. You can adjust settings to. I'm sure rentable servers for BF4 will become available in the coming months.Test Range: This is a great feature. Here you can test all of your weapons and vehicle specializations. You have a map on which you have a shooting range with targets, you have every single type of vehicle to use, you have tanks, jeeps, boats, but all of them are the US version. The map is similar to Parcel Storm. Many times I unlock a new gun but I want to test it out before using it in battle, I can go here and see how much, recoil, accuracy it has, etc.Another good thing is if you are lagging too much to the point that you can't play on online servers you can come here and it won't lag. Even though you have to be signed into PSN and EA to go in it, it won't lag. If you're disconnected from PSN for example it'll send you back to the main menu. It seems this feature is an offline design but to be able to use it you have to be online. Pretty strange.By now I bet you're dying to read about the weapons and vehicles so I'll start already.Weapons: There is a huge amount of guns to choose from. I'll list a few:Assault Class, Assault Rifles: AK-12, SAR-21, CZ-805All Kits, Carbine: AK-5C, ACE 52 CQB, ACW-R, M4, Type 95B-1All Kits, Designated Marksmen Rifle: RFB, SKS, SVD-12, QBU-88, SCAR-H SVEngineer Class, Personal Defense Weapons (PDWs): P-90, UMP-9, MK4, CZ-3A1, JS2All Kits, Shotguns: QBS-09, Hawk 12G, Spas-12, UTS-15, DBV-12Support Class, Light Machine Guns: U-100 MKS, PKP Pecheneg, QBB-95-1, MG4, RPK-12Recon Class, Sniper Rifles: CS-LR4, Scout Elite, JNG-90, 338-Recon, SRR-61You have 7 types of grenades.4 types of anti-tank weapons like the classic RPG-7 and the new FGM-172 SRAW.You can choose different knife as well like the Specnaz Machete, Bowie, and more.These are just a few, I haven't listed all of them.Battle Pickups: There are some weapons which you can only use by picking them up from the battlefield. At certain points on the maps are locations of unique weapons like the, M32 MGL grenade launcher, M82A3 .50 caliber sniper rifle which is capable of one hit kills, and others like rocket launchers and shotguns. You cannot unlock things for these weapons. They're pre-set with certain attachments. They also have limited ammo which cannot be replenished by ammo boxes and if you, for example, have 11 rounds ready to fire in a sniper rifle and 11 in reserve, and you shoot 2 round off and reload you will have wasted the remaining 9 rounds, you'll be now using the remain 11 rounds. This is not the case with the rest of the weapons which you unlock.The amount and type of attachments has increased since BF3. You have 4 accessory slots and a have the option to put on camouflage.On the first accessory slot you can put on sights like, the PKA-5, Coyote (RDS), Prisma (3.4x), ACOG (4x), HD-33 and many more.On the second slot you can have the Laser Sight, Tri-Beam Laser, Canted Ironsights, which is a secondary sight which can be switched over to by one click of the up button on the D-Pad, or a Magnifier which magnifies, for example, the Reflex sight by 2x.On the third slot you have everything barrel related; things like the Heavy Barrel, Flash Hider, Chinese and Russian Suppressors.On the forth slot you have everything handle related; here you can put on grips like the Angled Grip, Stubby Grip, and Potato Grip.Camouflage: There are a ton of paint jobs you can put on weapons and on your vehicles.You have Miscellaneous which is a mix of different types of camos. Then Autumn, Desert, Naval, Snow, Urban, Woodland, and Adaptive.All of these camos have, other than the ones under Miscellaneous, have 11 types of patterns. You have, for example, with Naval, Atomic Naval, Dot Naval, Erol Naval, Flat Naval, Flecktarn Naval,, Hexagon Naval, Splinter Naval, Spray Naval, Starburst Naval, Tiger Naval, Reed Naval. Same would go with Woodland, like Atomic Woodland, Starburst Woodland, etc.When you equip any type of Adaptive camo it auto selects a camo type which is suitable for the map you're on. For example if I choose Dot Adaptive and I'm playing on Parcel Storm my weapon will have a Dot Naval paint job on it, and when I go to the next map, which is Golmud Railway, my gun camo will have automatically change to a dot desert type camo.You can put camos on pistols to, but not on knifes and equipment like mines, grenades, rocket launchers, etc.One problem is there are 2 sections for camos, one for weapons and vehicles and the second for soldiers. There are 92 camos in total that you can put on weapons and vehicles but these camos cannot be put on a soldier's uniform. There are only 4 camos available to soldier and 6 if you have Premium. Each nation's soldier camos are only slightly different from each other. It makes no sense to put in 92 camos which can't be worn by soldiers. A disappointment but not something too big I guess.Soldier Kits: You have 4 soldier kits that you can play as. Assault, Engineer, Support, andRecon.Every kit has 7 slots (not including camo) which you can customize. These are Primary Weapon, Secondary Weapon, Gadget One, Gadget Two, Grenade, Knife, and Field Upgrades.Primary Weapon: Each class has a dedicated weapon type. The Assault's dedicated weapon is the assault rifle. Other main guns that can be used with the assault class, this goes for all kits actually, are the Carbines, Shotguns and DMRs. The Engineer's dedicated weapon are the PDWs (Personal Defense Weapons), the Support's dedicated weapon are the light machine guns, and the Recon's dedicated weapon are the sniper rifles. Dedicated weapons are not interchangeable; for example I can't use assault rifles with the Recon class but I can use Carbines, Shotguns or DMRs with any class. These are interchangeable.Secondary Weapon: Secondary Weapons are pistols.Gadget One: In the first Gadget slot you can choose to use something which is unique to that class, for example the Assault class can use either Defibrillators or a grenade launcher, in the Engineer class you can choose a rocket launcher, anti-aircraft launcher, mines, or a EOD Bot, in the Support class you can choose ammo packs, air burst grenade launcher, mortar, MP-APS, or C4 Explosive, and in the Recon class you can choose a PLD targeting device, Motion Sensor, Radio Beacon, T-UGS, SOFLAM, MAV, or M18 Claymore.Gadget Two: The second gadget slot lets you choose another gadget to use.Grenades: You have 7 types or grenades you can use. You have the normal M67 Frag, V-40 Mini which can be thrown farther than the M67, RGO Impact which explodes seconds after hitting a surface, M34 Incendiary makes a cloud of burning particles, M18 Smoke creates a smokescreen, M84 Flashbang which temporarily blind enemies, and the Hand Flare which is a flare which burns to light up dark areas and provides a small blinding effect.Knife: You can choose different types of hand-to-hand weapons. Depending from which angle you come from and hit the knife button your soldier will go into a small animation of them knifing the enemy. Different knifes will all have the same kill animations.Field Upgrades: Field Upgrades are pre-set upgrades which you get if you do well on the battlefield. Each set has 4 levels; on each level you progress you get a benefit. If I choose the Offensive set I will get on...Level 1 Sprint: Increases maximum Sprint Speed by 10%Level 2 Ammo: Increases maximum inventory of Bullets by 50%Level 3 Grenades: Increases maximum inventory of Hand Grenades by 1Level 4 Reduced Fall: Increases height you can fall without DamageIf I choose the Defensive set my upgrades will be related to defense like more armor and decrease damage from explosives. There are 3 upgrades available to all soldier classes, these are Defensive, Offensive, and Shadow. There are 2 more upgrade sets which are unique to their classes. The Assault has Defensive, Offensive, Shadow, Combat Medic, and Grenadier, and the Support class has Defensive, Offensive, Shadow, Indirect Fire, and Perimeter Defense. Same goes for the other 2 classes, 3 main sets available to all, 2 sets unique to each one.You cannot choose individual perks like in BF3.Vehicles: Vehicles include main battle tanks, infantry fighting vehicles, mobile anti-aircraft, attack boats, RIB boats, jet skies, stealth jets, attack jets, scout helicopters, attack helicopters, mobile artillery, ATVs, jeeps.Majority of ground combat vehicles like MBTs and IFVs have 5 driver slots (not including paint) to customize and 2 gunner customizations.You can use High Explosive shells and SABOT shells for the tanks. You can have a secondary armament like the Guided Shell, Coaxial Light/Heavy Machine Gun, or STAFF shells.Countermeasures like Infrared Smoke and Active Protection which pre-detonates incoming missiles and warheads.You can choose zoom, IRNV, and thermal optics.Choose upgrades like Autoloader to get shells into the breach faster and Reactive Armor to help reduce damage done by explosives.You can customize 2 things for the gunner position, optics and upgrades. Choose the type of sights you want and the upgrade you want like proximity scan, SOFLAM, and incendiary grenades.Things I'm describing here are not everything, keep this in mind!For IFV's you can choose 25mm HE shells, APFSDS-T shells, or Canister shells. For your secondary, blast enemy armor away with the manually guided TOW Missile or free fire Zuni Rockets.Same goes for Mobile AA choose to use 20mm Vulcan cannons or 30mm cannons. Missiles include Heatseekers, Active Radar missiles, Zuni Rockets.Outfit scout choppers with twin 7.62mm miniguns or 25mm cannons.Fire Hydra Rockets or Smart Rockets which guide their way to their target.Ground attack aircraft can fire laser guided missiles heatseekers, even JDAM bombs!If you've played BF3 you know by now BF3 should have had all this. So many more options!Battlepacks: By now you might have heard of something called Battlepacks. Battlepacks are, "Battlepacks add an all-new layer of persistence to the multiplayer progression system in Battlefield 4. Through the course of your multiplayer career, you will receive Battlepacks containing random combinations of new camos, dog tags, knives, XP boosts, and more! These items are designed to add customization options to give you more personalization options on the Battlefield." -Battlelog descriptionThat right there sums it up. But you might be wonder what are XP boosts exactly? They are "items" when activated boost the amount of point you get in round by a certain percentage. There are 3 types of boosts, 25%, 50%, and 100%. You can only get these through Battlepacks and the chances of getting them are random. Boosts last for exactly 1 hour of gameplay. Even when you're in the menu waiting to spawn it won't count that as gameplay, gameplay is when you're on the map fighting. Boosts are calculated at the end of matches; when I activate a 50% boost it will take the 50% of my total match score and add it on top of what I earned.Single-player: The single-player is much more special forces type, a lot like Bad Company 2 where you have an elite squad which does wonders and can take on the whole Russian and Chinese army and prevail. It's a short storyline but it's quite fun and immersive. The campaign consists of 7 missions; the missions are pretty long so that's a plus. Nonetheless I finished it in 2-3 days. It depends on how faster you are and how much you play, I play a lot so I finished it quickly. The environment is really interactive as well. It's quite cinematic. Graphics are amazing even on the current-generation PS3. You might think they look the same as BF3 but they've improved definitely.A nice feature they've added is when you kill an enemy you get points as you would in multi-player. You also have some weapons which can be unlocked through the campaign which can be used in it and in multiplayer.Maps and Levolution: The maps in multiplayer are awesome! You have small, medium, and large sized maps. On some of them like Parcel Storm you have dynamic weather, the sunny sky and calm waters turn to high winds, rain, and roaring seas which affects gameplay. As the seas get more violent you can swerve through and hide behind waves which will shield you from enemy fire. You can also trigger "Levolution" events which are doing things like bringing down skyscrapers, destroying a dam to flood the map, even making a destroyer ship crash onto shore which will kill anyone caught in its way. Cool stuff. You also have the iconic destruction; a lot of things can be destroyed and it's much more easy to bring down 2 storey buildings than it is in BF3. The look of the maps is spectacular.Special Feature: There are a few new features that have been added which are worth the mention. One feature is the option to lean around corners. When you go up close to a wall, tree, crate, anything really, your soldier will cradle the weapon, it'll appear as if your weapon is being held more closely, at that point when you press the aim button your soldier will lean around the corner. This is not only limited to corners, you can can also look over things.Swimming has been improved. You can use pistols and some equipment like C4 or the repair tools in the water, you can also submerge under the water and go out of sight.Technical Problems: I haven't had too many problems with the game. It sometimes freezes at random types but other than that it's pretty good.Overall this game is amazing! Great multiplayer and campaign. Superb gameplay. I don't know why there are so many 1 and 2 star reviews. It's a huge improvement over BF3.I will also write down the BF4 DLC reviews once I've played them.When I had ordered the game and as it was on it's way I read some reviews and forums on Battlelog. I got a little panicky. Everyone was saying how bad the net-code was and the glitches, freezes, crashes, etc. The game does freezes sometimes, the net-code can be a bit better, but I haven't found any glitches.I wasn't expecting this game to be like this, I'm impressed how much they've improved.If you have any questions ask me.
Lately, I find my gaming collection containing more EA Games software than any other brand!Battlefield 1942 is a wonderful WW2 simulation. You can play on either the Axis or the Allied teams! Different missions represent different countries from these two sides, and each country has their own, unique weapons! You can choose to be a scout (sniper rifle/handgun/grenades), an assault soldier (assault rifle/handgun/grenades), an anti-tank soldier (anti tank rockets/handgun/grenades), a medic (short range, fast shooting carbine/handgun/grenades/ability to heal), or an engineer (single shot rifle, open sights/handgun/demolition bombs/anti-tank mines/ability to repair vehicles). There are enough maps here to keep you busy for a very, very long time! I got the game about 6 months ago, along with the Secret Weapons and Road to Rome expansion packs, and I still haven't stopped playing!Fight on land using your basic weapons, or drive a tank/APC/Jeep/artillery vehicle! You can even pick up your dead buddy's or enemy's weapon configurations! Planes dive bombing you and your buddies? Jump into the seat of an anti-aircraft cannon! Aircraft carriers or battleships giving you grief? Grab ahold of those fixed artillery cannon controls and lob some high-caliber, high-impact rounds their way! You sunk my battleship! :)Fighting on land not your style? Take to the skies in fighter planes and bombers! Most games that combine air/sea/land combat focus more on the land combat, and tend to have horrible air physics! (For example, Operation Flashpoint -- which is another great game, though the air fighting is lacking greatly) Not BF1942, though. The air fighting is almost as realistic as some WWII flying games like European Airwar! The Secret Weapons expansion pack adds a few new, futuristic aircraft such as something resembling a stealth bomber, and some &quot;midget&quot; rocket-fueled fighter planes.This game also provides you with some sea combat options. Some missions give you aircraft carriers to launch your air attacks from. Some give you battleships with massive artillery cannons! Some missions require you to start on one of these ships, and blaze toward land in .50 machine gun wielding personnel carrier boats!All in all, this is an excellent game. I ran it previously on a 1 ghz AMD Athlon w/ 256 mb of ram and a GeForce 5600 256mb graphics card with a Logitech Wingman Force FBK USB joystick under Windows 98 2nd Ed. Using this set up, I was able to run it on 1024x768x16 graphics mode at medium-high detail with no problem. Now, I run it on a Pentium 4  2.8ghz 800mhz FSB processor w/ 1 gig of dual channel DDR400 memory and the same 256 mb GeForce5600 graphics card, on a 21&quot; monitor under Windows XP. I am now able to run 1600x1200x32 resolution @ 80hz refresh rate (when you run this game under XP, it lets you choose the refresh rate you want to use!) and absolute full, maximum detail, and the game doesn't even bog the computer down in the slightest at these outrageous settings!The graphics in the game are excellent, you can even get up close and look at the characters, and they have unique faces! The game play is excellent, I haven't found any noticable bugs or errors! The boats handle like boats, the tanks handle like tanks, the aircraft handle like aircraft, and the firearms handle as close to real life as possible (coming from one who has collected over 35 firearms including A-Bolt .308 sniper rifle, 7.62x39mm AK-47, .223 AR-15, .45 1911 handgun, and many more!). The firearms even have kick that throws off your aim like in real life! The in-game audio gets a four out of five rating. It is quite realistic, but could have been made better with the use of THX or a similiar audio standard. Listen to bombs falling right at you from planes, and try to outrun them, if you can! Explosions all around you, .50 machine guns whizzing hundreds of rounds per minute past your head, your buddies screaming out with their last breath as they pass on from this world.... EXCELLENT realism! You and your men even speak in their native tongue, with english subtitles! The maps are quite large, as well, and give you plenty of freedom in your attack movements. The AI is great as well. I never feel like I am being cheated! The AI suffers from the same advantages/disadvantages as you, they even have to stop and reload, or run out of ammunition, just like you do!While the idea behind all the maps is the same (checkpoint control), there are several types of checkpoint control offered. Assault maps give you fast-paced, in-your-face combat action that's not for the light hearted! Dive in and out of buildings and behind debris and other objects as you are rained upon by tank mortars and a hail of gunfire. Conquest maps tend to be much larger, and require a little less immediate tact, but put more emphasis on using stealth, concealment, and a well thought out path of attack to achieve your goals.If you are into war simulators as much as I am, then this is a must have game! It deserves every bit of the 5 star rating I gave it. Battlefield Vietnam is even better, providing modern weaponry and improved fighting physics/terrain, but I haven't played it long enough to go write a review on it! Enjoy!
Lately, I find my gaming collection containing more EA Games software than any other brand!Battlefield 1942 is a wonderful WW2 simulation. You can play on either the Axis or the Allied teams! Different missions represent different countries from these two sides, and each country has their own, unique weapons! You can choose to be a scout (sniper rifle/handgun/grenades), an assault soldier (assault rifle/handgun/grenades), an anti-tank soldier (anti tank rockets/handgun/grenades), a medic (short range, fast shooting carbine/handgun/grenades/ability to heal), or an engineer (single shot rifle, open sights/handgun/demolition bombs/anti-tank mines/ability to repair vehicles). There are enough maps here to keep you busy for a very, very long time! I got the game about 6 months ago, along with the Secret Weapons and Road to Rome expansion packs, and I still haven't stopped playing!Fight on land using your basic weapons, or drive a tank/APC/Jeep/artillery vehicle! You can even pick up your dead buddy's or enemy's weapon configurations! Planes dive bombing you and your buddies? Jump into the seat of an anti-aircraft cannon! Aircraft carriers or battleships giving you grief? Grab ahold of those fixed artillery cannon controls and lob some high-caliber, high-impact rounds their way! You sunk my battleship! :)Fighting on land not your style? Take to the skies in fighter planes and bombers! Most games that combine air/sea/land combat focus more on the land combat, and tend to have horrible air physics! (For example, Operation Flashpoint -- which is another great game, though the air fighting is lacking greatly) Not BF1942, though. The air fighting is almost as realistic as some WWII flying games like European Airwar! The Secret Weapons expansion pack adds a few new, futuristic aircraft such as something resembling a stealth bomber, and some &quot;midget&quot; rocket-fueled fighter planes.This game also provides you with some sea combat options. Some missions give you aircraft carriers to launch your air attacks from. Some give you battleships with massive artillery cannons! Some missions require you to start on one of these ships, and blaze toward land in .50 machine gun wielding personnel carrier boats!All in all, this is an excellent game. I ran it previously on a 1 ghz AMD Athlon w/ 256 mb of ram and a GeForce 5600 256mb graphics card with a Logitech Wingman Force FBK USB joystick under Windows 98 2nd Ed. Using this set up, I was able to run it on 1024x768x16 graphics mode at medium-high detail with no problem. Now, I run it on a Pentium 4  2.8ghz 800mhz FSB processor w/ 1 gig of dual channel DDR400 memory and the same 256 mb GeForce5600 graphics card, on a 21&quot; monitor under Windows XP. I am now able to run 1600x1200x32 resolution @ 80hz refresh rate (when you run this game under XP, it lets you choose the refresh rate you want to use!) and absolute full, maximum detail, and the game doesn't even bog the computer down in the slightest at these outrageous settings!The graphics in the game are excellent, you can even get up close and look at the characters, and they have unique faces! The game play is excellent, I haven't found any noticable bugs or errors! The boats handle like boats, the tanks handle like tanks, the aircraft handle like aircraft, and the firearms handle as close to real life as possible (coming from one who has collected over 35 firearms including A-Bolt .308 sniper rifle, 7.62x39mm AK-47, .223 AR-15, .45 1911 handgun, and many more!). The firearms even have kick that throws off your aim like in real life! The in-game audio gets a four out of five rating. It is quite realistic, but could have been made better with the use of THX or a similiar audio standard. Listen to bombs falling right at you from planes, and try to outrun them, if you can! Explosions all around you, .50 machine guns whizzing hundreds of rounds per minute past your head, your buddies screaming out with their last breath as they pass on from this world.... EXCELLENT realism! You and your men even speak in their native tongue, with english subtitles! The maps are quite large, as well, and give you plenty of freedom in your attack movements. The AI is great as well. I never feel like I am being cheated! The AI suffers from the same advantages/disadvantages as you, they even have to stop and reload, or run out of ammunition, just like you do!While the idea behind all the maps is the same (checkpoint control), there are several types of checkpoint control offered. Assault maps give you fast-paced, in-your-face combat action that's not for the light hearted! Dive in and out of buildings and behind debris and other objects as you are rained upon by tank mortars and a hail of gunfire. Conquest maps tend to be much larger, and require a little less immediate tact, but put more emphasis on using stealth, concealment, and a well thought out path of attack to achieve your goals.If you are into war simulators as much as I am, then this is a must have game! It deserves every bit of the 5 star rating I gave it. Battlefield Vietnam is even better, providing modern weaponry and improved fighting physics/terrain, but I haven't played it long enough to go write a review on it! Enjoy!
This latest entry in the Command and Conquer series will, unfortunately, probably be the very last as Westwood was just recently amalgamated into Electronic Arts.In accordance with this amalgamation, the plotline for this game is radically different from its predecessors. The Brotherhood of Nod have been replaced with the GLA, while the US and Chinese armies have taken the place of the GDI.The storyline for Generals is an uncomfortable reflection of real life events, with GLA terrorists invading middle eastern nations like Baghdad and Afghanistan. Naturally, the Chinese and the US are out to stop them. The parallels are a little too close to reality, and this does remove some of the fun and campiness from the game that were often present in its predecessors. Red Alert 2 was a delightful example of this.This is also the first C&C; game that contains more than 2 sides, which makes for some rather entertaining skirmish and campaign missions.The US uses a combination of air power and ground forces to crush their opponents, with very little emphasis on "weapons of mass destruction". Instead, the player would be wise to use precision airstrikes and artillery to crush their opponents.The GLA have units very similar to NOD, in that they are fast, light and mobile. This makes them very useful for ambushes, but they become expendable in prolonged skirmishes. Their greatest strength lies in the effective use of suicide bombers and toxic bio-weapons. The GLA is a good side for those who use stealth to defeat their opponents.The Chinese use overwhelming numbers and firepower to defeat their enemies. Fans of the old "tank rush" strategy will love playing as the Chinese, especially as Chinese tanks get attack bonuses if they are grouped in large enough numbers.The graphics in Generals are easily the most impressive of any entry in the C&C; series. The game makes excellent use of 3D-accelerated graphics to render huge maps consisting of mountains and flowing rivers. Tanks will raise clouds of dust as they move across desert terrain. Jet fighters will execute tight banking turns as they engage a target. Most impressive are the super-weapons, like the Chinese Nuclear missile, or the GLA Scud Missiles.The most glaring downsides to this game are the portrayal of the GLA as your stereotypical Arab terrorist. This may be particularly offensive to members of the Arab community, withits (hopefully) unintended racial stereotyping. The apocalyptic end cutscene of the GLA campaign will certainly not help matters.In addition, some users have reported compatiblity problems while running Generals on their PC's. Please check the internet to ensure that your PC is compatible with the game. Also, be warned that this game does require an extremely fast PC. I have an Athlon 2000+ XP with 512MB RAM and a 64MB GEForce4 videocard, and I can run the game in 1024x768 on high detail. Anything less than this, and you may have problems.Other than this, Generals is an excellent game. Yes, other than the updated graphics it doesn't present any revolutionary innovations to the RTS genre. However, for those of us who enjoy the fast pace that the C&C; games provide, this is a perfect addition to the series.Although the impact of Generals will not be as great as the original Tiberian Dawn or Red Alert, Generals is still one of the most polished entries in the series.
This latest entry in the Command and Conquer series will, unfortunately, probably be the very last as Westwood was just recently amalgamated into Electronic Arts.In accordance with this amalgamation, the plotline for this game is radically different from its predecessors. The Brotherhood of Nod have been replaced with the GLA, while the US and Chinese armies have taken the place of the GDI.The storyline for Generals is an uncomfortable reflection of real life events, with GLA terrorists invading middle eastern nations like Baghdad and Afghanistan. Naturally, the Chinese and the US are out to stop them. The parallels are a little too close to reality, and this does remove some of the fun and campiness from the game that were often present in its predecessors. Red Alert 2 was a delightful example of this.This is also the first C&C; game that contains more than 2 sides, which makes for some rather entertaining skirmish and campaign missions.The US uses a combination of air power and ground forces to crush their opponents, with very little emphasis on "weapons of mass destruction". Instead, the player would be wise to use precision airstrikes and artillery to crush their opponents.The GLA have units very similar to NOD, in that they are fast, light and mobile. This makes them very useful for ambushes, but they become expendable in prolonged skirmishes. Their greatest strength lies in the effective use of suicide bombers and toxic bio-weapons. The GLA is a good side for those who use stealth to defeat their opponents.The Chinese use overwhelming numbers and firepower to defeat their enemies. Fans of the old "tank rush" strategy will love playing as the Chinese, especially as Chinese tanks get attack bonuses if they are grouped in large enough numbers.The graphics in Generals are easily the most impressive of any entry in the C&C; series. The game makes excellent use of 3D-accelerated graphics to render huge maps consisting of mountains and flowing rivers. Tanks will raise clouds of dust as they move across desert terrain. Jet fighters will execute tight banking turns as they engage a target. Most impressive are the super-weapons, like the Chinese Nuclear missile, or the GLA Scud Missiles.The most glaring downsides to this game are the portrayal of the GLA as your stereotypical Arab terrorist. This may be particularly offensive to members of the Arab community, withits (hopefully) unintended racial stereotyping. The apocalyptic end cutscene of the GLA campaign will certainly not help matters.In addition, some users have reported compatiblity problems while running Generals on their PC's. Please check the internet to ensure that your PC is compatible with the game. Also, be warned that this game does require an extremely fast PC. I have an Athlon 2000+ XP with 512MB RAM and a 64MB GEForce4 videocard, and I can run the game in 1024x768 on high detail. Anything less than this, and you may have problems.Other than this, Generals is an excellent game. Yes, other than the updated graphics it doesn't present any revolutionary innovations to the RTS genre. However, for those of us who enjoy the fast pace that the C&C; games provide, this is a perfect addition to the series.Although the impact of Generals will not be as great as the original Tiberian Dawn or Red Alert, Generals is still one of the most polished entries in the series.
Battlefield 1942 - The Complete Collection comes with the original Battlefield 1942 (BF1942) game, the two expansions  The Road to Rome and Secret Weapons of World War II, Battlefield Vietnam.  I'll talk about BF1942 first. I've had this game a long time, but never got around to playing it. I tend to enjoy single player games so BF1942 for me doesn't beat the classic first person shooter (FPS) storyline games likeCall of Duty: Game of the Year Edition,Medal of Honor Allied Assault Deluxe, andBrothers in Arms: Road to Hill 30. The single player campaign basically allows you to play the multiplayer maps in order with the computer AI controlling all the other soldiers. The gameplay is the same for both multiplayer and single player. If you get killed you respan at your selected control point, the objective usually being kill enemy soldiers and capture enemy control points in order to reduce their starting tickets (points) to zero. Even for multiplayer, I prefer more strategy type games likeCompany of Heroes. Some strategy is required for BF1942 because while you have unlimited troops, time is limited especially if you have less control points than the enemy. Also if you do not play as a team you tend to get torn to pieces by your opponents.Some negatives: In single player, on maps with any pinch points, your teammate AI tends to get slowed down with vehicles doing circles (even with support to AI all the way up). The game crashes on me occasionally when loading missions (usually after playing several missions). You can't see if you hit anything with the sniper rifle as zoom in is removed when you reload. Check the reported kills to see if you hit or scan the field after you reload. Similar it is hard to tell if you hit with bazooka due to smoke trail unless you shift your position (kind of annoying if you cover doesn't allow it). There are countless odd glitches during combat especially around vehicles (these don't disrupt game play much though). Environment not destructible and destroyed vehicles and troops disappear (these items would take more memory).So what makes all these people rate the game so high. BF1942 has lots of features that the other FPS don't have. BF1942 allows you to employ vehicles in combat in multiplayer. You can jump into jeeps, tanks, airplanes, ships, artillery turrets, and fixed machine gun nests. This makes gameplay interesting. The other important feature in BF is the ability to specialize your infantry between assault troops, snipers, anti-tank, medics, and engineers. In this way you don't just pick up different weapons on the field of battle, you get to pick your kit to suit your mission or role. Each have their abilities and weaknesses, but as a combination they are stronger.I would also note that even though this is very old title there is still an active multiplayer community. I was able to jump right into a multiplayer game with a large group of other players with no lag.Battlefield 1942 Expansion: The Road to RomeCovers the Italian campaign. It comes with 6 new maps and two new armies (French and Italians). The expansion includes for the Americans M3 Grant (medium tank) and M3 GMC (tank destroyer/mobile artillery), for the British the Mosquito (bomber) and the 25pdr (stationary AT gun), for the Italians the M11-39 Carro Armato (medium tank), and for the Germans the Sturmgeschutz (tank destroyer),PAK75 (stationary AT gun), and the BF 110 (fighter/bomber). Two infantry assault weapons include the British Sten SMG and the Italian Breda Modello 30.Battlefield 1942: Secret Weapons of WWII Expansion PackComes with 8 new maps and two new armies (British Commandos and German Elite). The expansion include one of each of the following for each team: jet powered fighter (F-85 Goblin - Allies and Natter Rocket Plane - Germans), flying wing fighter/bomber (AW-52 - Allies and HO 229 - Germans), motorcycle with MG armed sidecar, amphibious assault vehicles (LVT-2 Water Buffalo - Allies and Schwimmwagen - Germans), commando rafts, specialty tanks (Sherman armed with T-34  Calliope and T95/T28 Heavy Tank - Allies and Flakpanzer and Sturmtiger - Germans). All in all the allied vehicle additions are the most affective IMO. However, the Germans got the best infantry weapons in the expansion. German assault troops get the FG 42, engineers get the Mauser K98 with grenade attachment, and most importantly the Gewehr 43 sniper rifle allows semi auto fire and you can still see your target (or what's left of them) after each shot. The allies get the Bren for assault troops, silenced Sten MK2 for medics, and shotgun for engineer. Of course, for those thrill seekers the rocket pack has also been added. These can be found hidden in upstairs rooms in certain buildings.The new armies, vehicles, and weapons from the expansions can only be used on certain maps from the respective expansion. The maps are fun and fairly well balanced. However, there are very few servers that actually play the expansions. If you already have BF1942, I wouldn't bother with the expansions unless you are a diehard fan.  But if you are looking at getting  BF1942 you might as well get them all.Battlefield: Vietnam(BFV)There is a noticeable improvement in the graphics from BF1942. Running through the jungle in BFV reminded me of the movie Platoon.  The nostalgic 60s music also provides great atmosphere and gets you ready to jump into the battle. The weapons are fun and extra options for the different infantry types allows for more customization. BFV land vehicles are not much better than BF1942, but the helicopters are pretty cool. Unfortunately my piloting skills are pretty poor so I had to rely on others for an airlift. But the damage the Cobra gunships can dish out with a good pilot is incredible. It also is a lot of fun to let loose with the 50 cal on the Hueys. I would say if you only want a land based game, BFV is really not for you. Most maps allow for aerial combat.I felt the single player experience on BFV was better than BF1942. I think this type of setting is better suited to Battlefield's style of gameplay. However, the AI would at times cause frustration by having everyone going after one control point (and still not being able to take it) while I'm left to fend off all the bad guys trying to capture the other control points.I would note that there is still an active multiplayer community. However, there are far fewer people playing BFV as there are playing BF1942.
EDIT**: I've been playing the game for several days now, and I can say that it has lived up to all of my expectations (see preview below).  While you can't control as mnay troops as in Rome:Total War (we may need to look for a LOTR mod in the future), BFME has its own little niche, and it's a very nice one at that.  Inevitably the comparison to RTW will be made, but these are two very different games.  In RTW, you can control thousands of low-poly troops, but in BFME, you control hundreds of very high poly soldiers, each with very detailed animations and emotions.  Yes, the emotions are a nice part of the game.The graphics are beautiful- they really bring the Middle Earth world to life, especially with the settings maxed out.  Howard Shore's score also adds a great side to the game, with some additional remixing that sounded quite good.  Voice acting was also pretty good, although you can tell in some parts that they didn't really use Viggo for Aragorn.Gameplay; I like the new use of veterancy, which puts a crimp on players who rush to build every single building possible, and just pump out units.  Cavalry in the game is very powerful, so you'll need to group your men into the right formation.  Formations do give some help in BFME, although flank attacks and tactical maneuvers are unheard of, unlike RTW.  All the battles are faithfully recreated, including a mission to defend the fellowship and Lothlorien from marauding Moria orcs (one of the scenes cut from the extended edition of FOTR).  The Helms Deep mission is fantastic- it brings all the rigor, stress, and excitement as portrayed in the movie and books.The heros are a hoot to use; especially Gandalf, who seems a bit overpowered.  A pity the completed Sauron model cannot be played, and in general, it seems that the forces of Evil have fewer Heros than the forces of Light.The single player campaign missions are very delightful; you can basically replay the steps of the Fellowship or of the Dark Lord, but of course with your own little additions.  The multiplayer maps are wonderful, with maps taken from all the geographical locations in middle earth.Conclusion: A very enjoyable RTS game, that fully immerses you into the ME universe.  My only gripe is that the Command Points threshold is set too low, but you can mod the particular file to change that.  However, the low command points number was probably set at that level to prevent gameplay lag; at the Battle of Care Andros, with several hundred troops on screen (and despite have 1 gb of PC-4200 ram) I experienced some lagging effects.  Sprint, don't run to get your copy NOW!  What are you doing wasting time reading my review?  Get it! :P----------------------------------------------------------------To say that Lord of the Rings: Battle for Middle-Earth looks amazing would be an understatement; it looks fantastic and unbelievably good!  I am highly anticipating its release on November 15th, and based on what the EA team has shown us thus far, it looks like all of their hard work has come to fruition.  Based on an upgraded version of the C&C;: Generals engine, LOTR:BFME brings you into the Middle Earth universe in glorious 3-D, with the capability to zoom-in onto the battlefield for those intense hand-to-hand melees.  Of course, there will be those detractors who suggest that BFME is nothing but Generals ported into Middle Earth; in some ways, that's true.  A lot of the great features of Generals are retained in BFME, and then some.  The EA team has added unique touches, as well as a greater emphasis on tactics, rather than the massed tank rushes that most RTS players are used to.  In addition, there are a multitude of unique features and immersive environments that make BFME really come alive.First, the maps and general gameplay.  Gone is the traditional style of RTS with big menus that take up the lower half of your screen.  In its place is a context-driven menu, which takes up far less space, and allows the player to bask in the beauty of the BFME engine.  It looks extremely intuitive; by clicking on a building, 6-7 options will form in a circle around your cursor, allowing you to just move the mouse slightly to select an option.  Base building appears to consist of 6-7 buildings built on pre-fabbed sites inside a protective wall, with additional buildings being allowed to be built outside of the wall.  Each of the buildings is true to the movie, and conceived in enormous detail that really lends to the atmosphere.  For instance, the Orc slaughterhouse, Orc pits, Warg ranges, and Gondorian archery range.  Zooming into the slaughterhouse, you can see the orc butcher cackle with glee and rub his hands together as he whistles for a cow to come up the ramp.  He kills it, and carries the steak to hang on a rack outside.  Or in the pits, you can see the head Orc prodding the mud with his rod, bringing up a `baby' Orc/Uruk-Hai that slides down the ramp and gets a sword and trudges out.  Or at the Warg range, you see an orc clamber onto a Warg, and walk out of a corral.  At the Gondorian archery range, the splendid architecture of the once Numenorians is visible in the smallest bricks.  You can actually see Gondorian longbow men practicing inside the courtyard, shooting at targets and such.  You can play as Rohan or Gondor or Mordor or Isengard; not sure about the Easterlings though.Second, the units are true to the movie and fashioned in great detail.  Buildings can be upgraded with earned points to achieve veterancy and thus pump out more advanced units. The Gondorian archery range can produce regular longbow men, but as the building is upgraded, it can produce say Faramir's rangers (which are a bit like the American pathfinders in C&C;: Generals), and what look like upgraded rangers with stealth ability.  The Gondorian barracks can produce regular footsoldiers on level 1, but when upgraded to level 2 and above, can procure the more elite Fountain guards.  The forces of evil are generally like the Chinese in Generals; infantry is either really cheap, or free, and orcs are continually coming out of the pits with no extra help from the player.  There are of course, hero units as well!  Units seen so far include Gandalf, Eomer, Theoden, Faramir, and Aragorn.  No word yet on evil heroes.Third, the EA team has decided to add a bit more of a tactical element than was present in Generals.  While a group of Gondorian infantry can easily defeat a horde of orcs, (and when they do win, they break out into cheers, thus giving a +1 to their attack), they run away or quake in their boots at the mere sight of a mountain troll picking up a tree to smash them into the ground.  That fear subtracts a -1 from their attack.  Even the elite Fountain guards with their pikes are no match for the mountain troll and his ad hoc tree-club.  But you can group your men into having the archers stand on the inside, while surrounded by Fountain Guards, and thus easily take down a troll.  It also looks like you can fully recreate the sieges at Helms Deep and Minas Tirith, and play on the Fields of Pelennor.Fourth, one item that is a nice carry-over from Generals is what appears to be Generals points.  If playing as Mordor, and you kill 100 Gondor soldiers, your catapaults can fire the heads of those unfortunate men at your enemies for an added attack bonus.  Or, you can call in Eagles or Nazgul to pick up hapless infantry and dash them into the ground.  Probably the most interesting Generals unit is the Balrog, which looks extremely powerful at the moment.  Not only can he stomp around and crush the peons, but he can crush a unit into ashes, shoot fireballs from his mouth, and with his very appearance, burn everything around him to a crisp.If you're a fan of the movies and RTS games, this is definitely one game that you do NOT want to miss!  Place your pre-order today!  And no, I'm not a plant, just an overly excited fan with too much time on his hands.

Topic 2: la 0.00186 el 0.00162 que 0.00149 es 0.00132 juego 0.0012 en 0.00118 lo 0.00097 los 0.00086 lt 0.00074 muy 0.00068
 How Many: 25962
Half Life 2 Episode 1, es la continuacion de Half Life 2 y mucho mas.  Me atreveria a decir que a pesar de lo corto de su duraci&oacute;n, hay mucha mas diversion de la que hay en todo HL2.Salvese quien pueda-------------------Al final de HL2 el Dr. Freeman logro detener la huida del Dr. Breen y destruyo el reactor en la cima de la citadela.  Y GMan lo puso en estasis de nuevo.  Ahora la mision es escapar de ciudad 17 junto con Alyx Vance antes que el reactor explote.  Es aqui donde los problemas empiezan.Me siento solo----------------Bueno, esta vez el Dr. Freeman no est&aacute; solo, se encuentra acompa&ntilde;ado de Alyx quien esta vez har&aacute; un poco mas que solo abrir puertas y hacer comentarios graciosos.  Ahora ambos estan juntos y deben luchar para habrirse paso atravez de una ciudad en caos.&iquest;Qu&eacute;... Ya?----------------------La accion se desarrolla sin dar respiro y afortunadamente los desafios son tan variados que cuando menos lo sientas el juego termin&oacute;. El juego es relativamente corto, unas 5 o 6 horas de juego. Sin embargo la canitidad ha sido sustituida por calidad, pues al final te sentiras satisfecho y con ganas de m&aacute;s.  A esperar el episodio 2.Calificacion:Graficas: 9Sonido: 9Control: 8Historia: 8-------------Diversion: 9
PLAY,CREATE,SHARELittleBig Planet solo para el Playstation 3, en un juego muy divertido, parece simple pero tambien es muy desafiante, del estilo de Super Mario, LittleBigPlanet nos invita a sumergirnos en un mundo de fantasia donde la creatividad es la orden del dia. Aunque sus graficos parezcan pocos sofisticado, la belleza de los mismos se apreciaen en HD (720p) texturas, efectos, disenos, mundos, y lo mejor de todo la personalizacion del personaje principal Sackboy/sackgirl que hace que cada uno sea distinto y unico.Perfecto para toda la familia, los pequenos de la casa se divertiran y los mas grandes tambien, no solo con los niveles disponibles en en el discom sino la gran cantidad de DLC que constantemente se lanza atraves de la PlayStation Network tanto de niveles, trajes y demas que se puedan imaginar.Multiplayer: FANTASTICO, es que este juego se disfruta mas en compania (sea local o online)El Online: IMPRESIONANTE. no solo te permite jugar en linea con hasta 4 participantes mas, sino que al poder los usuarios crear "mundos" y subirlos, encontraras niveles nuevos todos los dias, de todas las tematicas, solo la imaginacion es tu limite y como dice el comercial "you never finish LittleBigPlanet", y es cierto, siempre hay retos y aventuras nuecas esperando a un click de distancia y todo de manera sencialla de obtener.LittleBigPlanet, un videojuego que no puede faltar en ninguna coleccion de Playstation 3 que se precie, no importa si eres hard core gamer u casual camer, no importa si te gustan los shooters o las plataformas, el arcade o la simulacion, es un MUST HAVE.A que esperas para tenerlo?
Terriffic Game!En este review no puedo decir algo nuevo de lo que ya se ha comentado sobre este juego. Historia Tremenda! (Como es costumbre en la serie) Graficos Increibles y accion frenetica desde el inicio del juego (comienza justo donde finalizo GOW II), Jefes Imponentes y con efectos sumamente logrados, de lo mejor en graficos que existe para el PS3, y la jugabilidad simple y adictiva que ha hecho de la serie GOW todo un exito en todas sus versiones. Dicho esto solo puedo recomendar el Juego, no puede faltar en cualquier coleccion que se precie de PS3.PROS:-Excelente historia (unida a la 2 entregas anteriores), forma un cierre epico de la saga.-Excelente Gameplay.-Excelentes Graficos (los efectos de luz, de lo mejor que hay en PS3).-Mucha diversion.CONS:Duracion (que no es lo mismo que durabilidad) el modo historia se puede culminar entre 9 y 12 horas, muy poco.. pero en su favor tienes que esas 12 horas seran de pura adrenalina, diversion, jefes epicos, historia trepidante..PD:Si deseas disfrutar de este juego mas aun te recomiendo que compres primeroGod of War: Collection, de verdad que no te arrepentiras, y junto con este, hacen un JUEGO EPICO!
Un juego para toda la familia, entretenido y ademas promueve la creatividad enormemente.Quizas todo su potencial estan mas alla de las capacidades de un ni&ntilde;o de 8 o menos, sin embargo la diversion que brinda es suficiente para recomendarlo a ni&ntilde;os de esa edad.Un buena introduccion a comunidades virtuales para los menores donde no solo expresan su personalidad con atuendos y demas, sino que desarrollan la imaginacion creando mundos propios que por mas simple que sean los reconfortan al saber que pueden compartirlos.Definitivamente recomendable si se tienen ni&ntilde;os, para adultos creo que la mayor diversion se obtiene compartiendo con ellos en este Pegue&ntilde;o Gran Mundo que es LBP.
Desde hace rato estos t&iacute;tulo me hab&iacute;an aburrido, sin embargo al leer algunos review en p&aacute;ginas especializadas me llam&oacute; la atenci&oacute;n los comentarios positivos que ten&iacute;a el juego, digamos que esto me anim&oacute; a adquirirlo. Oh sorpresa! todo los comentarios estaban en lo correcto. Definitivamente este juego rescata la escencia de la saga, la escencia de un juego arcade de autos de carrera. Creanme, vale la pena tenerlo, adem&aacute;s dificilmente es un juego que pierda el replay value ya que en todo momento se presenta un reto distinto.Adem&aacute;s los gr&aacute;ficos est&aacute;n muy buenos.Recomendado al 100%
Aunque no he podido utilizar todas las caracter&iacute;sticas del juego, en sus intrucciones advierte que puede haber problemas de compatibilidad con Los Sims y la expansi&oacute;n Los Sims Universitarios sino se siguen las recomendaciones de instalaci&oacute;n.Por otro lado, he bajado mas de 1000 objetos, personajes, ropas, formas de ojos, maquillaje, etc de la p&aacute;gina WDS y al comenzar el juego advierte que puede haber problemas con algunas de esas descargas y las tengo deshabilitadas mientras conozco totalmente el juego.La empresa EA Games ofrece Online un programa para chequear si las descargas est&aacute;n comprobadas y registradas en su base de datos, pero a&uacute;n as&iacute; el juego Los Sims 2 Noct&aacute;mbulos advierte que pese a esta comprobaci&oacute;n puede haber inestabilidad en el juego.Las nuevas herramientas de construcci&oacute;n son maravillosas, as&iacute; como la creaci&oacute;n de los centros nocturnos.
un demo jugable lo hace uno pensar que no necesita el juego pues te puedes pasar horas y horas divirtiendote con elpero una vez sumido en el juego siempre llega la cosquilla de otros mundos, otras variaciones, etc.ya compre el juego a un excelente precio y ahora la cosquilla me da por los adds-on disponiblesmi unica queja es que uno acostumbrado a jugar "Capturando la Bandera" en el demo, como que decepciona que la mayoria de las partidas creadas por los usuarios sean de Death Match individual
Creo que definitivamente es un producto de un alto valor, pero creo que vale lo que uno paga por el, mis hijos la pasan de lo mejor jugando, yo tambi&eacute;n y adem&aacute;s podemos ver peliculas en familia y tener acceso a todos los portales que necesito en internet con la pantalla de mi TV como monitor! Si creo que los juegos deberian de valer menos.
para jugar este juego!! tienes que tener internet!! sin internet no se puede jugar!! eso es la unika queja!! jajaja pero el juego es increible!! nunk se aburriran de el!! cada partido es diferente! unos ladilla pero otros son increibles!! es muy bueno!! y esta version es mejor por que no consume memoria en el play trae el headset para comunicarse con la gente!! es muy bueno!
este juego es simplemente lo mejor!! esta muy bien hecho y la trama es muy buena!! viene en casi todos los idiomas!! lo recomiendo!!! no es el que tenga las mejores graficas pero es lo mejor!!!see ya!

Topic 3: bond 0.00966 james 0.00295 agent 0.00285 goldeneye 0.00251 007 0.00243 nightfire 0.00154 gadgets 0.0015 gamecube 0.00107 n64 0.00083 brosnan 0.00068
 How Many: 25962
I like this game especially the new gamebraker and the "off the heazy" and the " Back 2 Papa" technique. It was even better with all the street legends: Earvin Johnson, Larry Bird, James Worthy, Isiah Thomas, Clyde Drexler, Moses Malone, Dominique Wilklins, Wilt Chamberlain, Jerry West, David Thompson, Rick Barry, Connie Hawkins, Bill Walton, Julius Erving, Walt Frazier, Earl Monroe, George Gervin, Pete Maravich, Oscar Robertson, Elgin Baylor, Bill Russell, and last but not least Michael Jordan. I give this movie a 5 out of 5.
I like this game especially the new gamebraker and the "off the heazy" and the " Back 2 Papa" technique. It was even better with all the street legends: Earvin Johnson, Larry Bird, James Worthy, Isiah Thomas, Clyde Drexler, Moses Malone, Dominique Wilklins, Wilt Chamberlain, Jerry West, David Thompson, Rick Barry, Connie Hawkins, Bill Walton, Julius Erving, Walt Frazier, Earl Monroe, George Gervin, Pete Maravich, Oscar Robertson, Elgin Baylor, Bill Russell, and last but not least Michael Jordan. I give this movie a 5 out of 5.
Everyones played Def jam vendeta 1 and if u haven't..... wi'll leve that blank. DJV2 has new rappa's new diva's WEPONS and my favorite ONLINE PLAY. First sum of the new rapp's will be the VILLIN Snoop Dog, Slick Rick, X-Z Xzibit,Freeway,busta rymes, an i herd they gon' ad sum crews like wu tang clan, but i have 2 give it up that they still have my favorite rappa DMX. All i now for the diva's is that they have carmerin diaz, Pam Andersin(up up up) and lil kim. This game is rated M so they disided 2 spice it up and put sum wepons in it. Bust sum bottles on peps head or for bounus matches break that ******'s car. Aigh't i'm out. 1
Everyones played Def jam vendeta 1 and if u haven't..... wi'll leve that blank. DJV2 has new rappa's new diva's WEPONS and my favorite ONLINE PLAY. First sum of the new rapp's will be the VILLIN Snoop Dog, Slick Rick, X-Z Xzibit,Freeway,busta rymes, an i herd they gon' ad sum crews like wu tang clan, but i have 2 give it up that they still have my favorite rappa DMX. All i now for the diva's is that they have carmerin diaz, Pam Andersin(up up up) and lil kim. This game is rated M so they disided 2 spice it up and put sum wepons in it. Bust sum bottles on peps head or for bounus matches break that ******'s car. Aigh't i'm out. 1
0007 Everything or Nothing uses an original story and an all-star cast of Pierce Brosnan, William Dafoe, Shannon Elizabeth, Richard Kiel, Heidi Klum, Mya, Misaki Ito, John Cleese, and Judi Dench as "M". You get to play the role of James Bond as you take on the bad guys. The game is fun and challenging at times, but there are few glitches that can become annoying.
0007 Everything or Nothing uses an original story and an all-star cast of Pierce Brosnan, William Dafoe, Shannon Elizabeth, Richard Kiel, Heidi Klum, Mya, Misaki Ito, John Cleese, and Judi Dench as "M". You get to play the role of James Bond as you take on the bad guys. The game is fun and challenging at times, but there are few glitches that can become annoying.
Latly the bond games made by EA Games haven't been...that great. So I'm hopefull the EA can save the franchise with this new idea of being evil."Why Save the World When You Can Rule It?Going where no previous James Bond&trade; game has dared to tread, GoldenEye: Rogue Agent breaks all the rules. Transport to the dark side of the Bond universe to experience life as a high-rolling, cold-hearted villain.As an aspiring 00 agent gone bad, you're recruited by Auric Goldfinger in a ruthless war against Dr. No for control of the Bond underworld. A brutal encounter with Dr. No costs you an eye, but Goldfinger's technicians replace it with a gold-hued, synthetic eye, earning you the name `GoldenEye'. With the ability to customize and upgrade your villain persona, wreak havoc as you make your unrelenting rise through the ranks.On globe-spanning missions of vengeance and demolition, cross paths with such infamous allies and enemies as Oddjob, Scaramanga, Xenia Onatopp, and of course, Pussy Galore.Villains rule in GoldenEye: Rogue Agent.Key FeaturesYour upgradeable synthetic eye introduces new methods of mayhem as you rise through the ranks of villainy.E.V.I.L. AI engine motivates enemies to react intelligently to your actions and their surroundings to make every shootout more believable, intense, and unpredictable.GoldenEye: Rogue Agent integrates single-player, multiplayer split-screen, and online gameplay for the PlayStation2 computer entertainment system across all game modes.Featured game modes include story-based campaign missions, deathmatch style simulator trials, and objective-based team war games.Fight with and against legendary villains and Bond girls such as Oddjob, Dr. No, Goldfinger, Pussy Galore, and Xenia Onatopp.Travel to famous and original Bond locations from the mountains of Switzerland to the streets of Hong Kong and from Fort Knox to Dr. No's Crab Key lair in the Caribbean.Production design by Academy Award winning Sir Ken Adam, visionary creator for the look of the Bond film universe.Character models from Rene Morel (Final Fantasy film) and wardrobe designed by Kym Barrett (Matrix films, Titan A.E.)."(...)
Latly the bond games made by EA Games haven't been...that great. So I'm hopefull the EA can save the franchise with this new idea of being evil."Why Save the World When You Can Rule It?Going where no previous James Bond&trade; game has dared to tread, GoldenEye: Rogue Agent breaks all the rules. Transport to the dark side of the Bond universe to experience life as a high-rolling, cold-hearted villain.As an aspiring 00 agent gone bad, you're recruited by Auric Goldfinger in a ruthless war against Dr. No for control of the Bond underworld. A brutal encounter with Dr. No costs you an eye, but Goldfinger's technicians replace it with a gold-hued, synthetic eye, earning you the name `GoldenEye'. With the ability to customize and upgrade your villain persona, wreak havoc as you make your unrelenting rise through the ranks.On globe-spanning missions of vengeance and demolition, cross paths with such infamous allies and enemies as Oddjob, Scaramanga, Xenia Onatopp, and of course, Pussy Galore.Villains rule in GoldenEye: Rogue Agent.Key FeaturesYour upgradeable synthetic eye introduces new methods of mayhem as you rise through the ranks of villainy.E.V.I.L. AI engine motivates enemies to react intelligently to your actions and their surroundings to make every shootout more believable, intense, and unpredictable.GoldenEye: Rogue Agent integrates single-player, multiplayer split-screen, and online gameplay for the PlayStation2 computer entertainment system across all game modes.Featured game modes include story-based campaign missions, deathmatch style simulator trials, and objective-based team war games.Fight with and against legendary villains and Bond girls such as Oddjob, Dr. No, Goldfinger, Pussy Galore, and Xenia Onatopp.Travel to famous and original Bond locations from the mountains of Switzerland to the streets of Hong Kong and from Fort Knox to Dr. No's Crab Key lair in the Caribbean.Production design by Academy Award winning Sir Ken Adam, visionary creator for the look of the Bond film universe.Character models from Rene Morel (Final Fantasy film) and wardrobe designed by Kym Barrett (Matrix films, Titan A.E.)."(...)
We've all watched at least one James Bond film and seen how the villians live...big mansions, sexy women, huge underground lairs.  So at least once you've sat and wondered what it would like to be the bad guy.  Well with GoldenEye: Rogue Agent, your chance to be a baddie has finally come.First off, this game is not exactly a sequel to the classic GoldenEye game for the N64 that most of us remember from less than a decade ago, far from it.  This GoldenEye refers to the codename you assume throughout the game.  You start off as an agent in training for MI6 going through a training exercise involving Auric Goldfinger's plan to irradiate the gold supply in Fort Knox.  When your recklessness and disregard for life (especially Bond's, since he also is in the exercise)get you dismissed from MI6, you find yourself in the employ of Goldfinger and his organization.But during a mission assignment, Dr. No (the very first Bond baddie) shoots out your eye and wounds you.  A friend of Goldfinger's, Scaramanga (voiced by Christopher Lee, who originally played him in "Man with the Golden Gun"), implants a golden eye (NOW do you get the title?) that grants you amazing abilities like x-ray vision, an electromagnetic hacker, and a distortion shield.  Your total mission is to find Dr. No, and show him exactly what "an eye for an eye" means.Needless to say, the ability to wield two different weapons at the same time might not be too original (uhhh...Halo 2, anyone???), but the idea works brilliantly to assist you in dealing with your foes.  In addition you can unlock special things throughout the game by executing Rogue Bonus moves and using Machine Kills (the freeze chamber is the sweetest one so far).Also the voices in the game, which include Lee and Judi Dench (Bond's boss M) and the AI of your targets are top-notch.  This is one time that having a license to kill is more fun than it should be...
We've all watched at least one James Bond film and seen how the villians live...big mansions, sexy women, huge underground lairs.  So at least once you've sat and wondered what it would like to be the bad guy.  Well with GoldenEye: Rogue Agent, your chance to be a baddie has finally come.First off, this game is not exactly a sequel to the classic GoldenEye game for the N64 that most of us remember from less than a decade ago, far from it.  This GoldenEye refers to the codename you assume throughout the game.  You start off as an agent in training for MI6 going through a training exercise involving Auric Goldfinger's plan to irradiate the gold supply in Fort Knox.  When your recklessness and disregard for life (especially Bond's, since he also is in the exercise)get you dismissed from MI6, you find yourself in the employ of Goldfinger and his organization.But during a mission assignment, Dr. No (the very first Bond baddie) shoots out your eye and wounds you.  A friend of Goldfinger's, Scaramanga (voiced by Christopher Lee, who originally played him in "Man with the Golden Gun"), implants a golden eye (NOW do you get the title?) that grants you amazing abilities like x-ray vision, an electromagnetic hacker, and a distortion shield.  Your total mission is to find Dr. No, and show him exactly what "an eye for an eye" means.Needless to say, the ability to wield two different weapons at the same time might not be too original (uhhh...Halo 2, anyone???), but the idea works brilliantly to assist you in dealing with your foes.  In addition you can unlock special things throughout the game by executing Rogue Bonus moves and using Machine Kills (the freeze chamber is the sweetest one so far).Also the voices in the game, which include Lee and Judi Dench (Bond's boss M) and the AI of your targets are top-notch.  This is one time that having a license to kill is more fun than it should be...

Topic 4: story 0.01353 characters 0.00814 character 0.00707 enemies 0.00506 weapons 0.00495 war 0.00451 god 0.00449 dead 0.00448 space 0.0043 game 0.0043
 How Many: 25962
The PlayStation 2 got a decent dose of bloody Roman history earlier this year with Shadow of Rome, a more or less playable version of the movie Gladiator. However, Sony has completely upped the ante with God of War, an adventure of Herculean proportions that brilliantly plays off Greek mythology and delivers one of the most intense gaming experiences of the year.The game's premise is as ancient as the mythos itself: Ares, the titular deity with serious self-esteem issues, has gone on a rampage and must be stopped. Being Greek gods (who are prone to sit on their eternal asses and empower others to do their dirty work), a mortal dutifully takes up the task: Kratos, a tortured Spartan warrior who can pry off Gorgon heads, tear some enemies completely in half, and perform other super-human feats. Formidable as Kratos' strength is, the only thing that can kill Ares is Pandora's Box, an artifact resting behind a series of bosses, devilishly constructed traps, and perplexing puzzles (most of which come in the form of moving objects and pulling levers).Borrowing perhaps a bit too liberally from Devil May Cry (the first one, anyway), Kratos is a serious-minded one-man slaughterhouse, sans the oh-so-cool swagger. Equipped with a pair of extending chains each capped with a sword, the Spartan uses these weapons for mid-range combo attacks, including vicious air-juggles. Larger foes, though, require more skill, and some must be softened up before they can be finished off by a series of onscreen button-press cues. Additional combos are unlocked by cashing in dead souls collected from felled enemies. Accessory weapons are also available. For instance, once you wrench off Medusa's head, it can be used as a power-up to temporarily petrify enemies that can then be shattered if struck before they can thaw. The gods chime in, too, and dole out various devastating powers, such as Zeus' lightning bolts and Hades' dead souls.Robust fighting engine aside, God of War draws additional strength from the sheer diversity of tasks to be completed and the clever way it plays off the source material. Classic monsters, such as the Hydra, Minotaur, Sirens, and Harpies (among others) require specific techniques in order to defeat as the events take place against a driving music score reminiscent of the best Roman movie sagas like Ben-Hur. The excellent visuals bring these foes to life and the detailed architecture deliver the aesthetic punch of an era long gone.All is not perfect on Olympus, though. The inconsistent camera (that destroyer of other games) takes its toll as it makes seemingly simple tasks like navigating lengthy catwalks more perilous than it should be, and some of the puzzles rely excessively on split-second timing and result in repetitive trial-and-error.Setbacks aside, God of War is an exhausting, epic quest that challenges the mightiest video game warrior from the throne of their living-room couch.
The PlayStation 2 got a decent dose of bloody Roman history earlier this year with Shadow of Rome, a more or less playable version of the movie Gladiator. However, Sony has completely upped the ante with God of War, an adventure of Herculean proportions that brilliantly plays off Greek mythology and delivers one of the most intense gaming experiences of the year.The game's premise is as ancient as the mythos itself: Ares, the titular deity with serious self-esteem issues, has gone on a rampage and must be stopped. Being Greek gods (who are prone to sit on their eternal asses and empower others to do their dirty work), a mortal dutifully takes up the task: Kratos, a tortured Spartan warrior who can pry off Gorgon heads, tear some enemies completely in half, and perform other super-human feats. Formidable as Kratos' strength is, the only thing that can kill Ares is Pandora's Box, an artifact resting behind a series of bosses, devilishly constructed traps, and perplexing puzzles (most of which come in the form of moving objects and pulling levers).Borrowing perhaps a bit too liberally from Devil May Cry (the first one, anyway), Kratos is a serious-minded one-man slaughterhouse, sans the oh-so-cool swagger. Equipped with a pair of extending chains each capped with a sword, the Spartan uses these weapons for mid-range combo attacks, including vicious air-juggles. Larger foes, though, require more skill, and some must be softened up before they can be finished off by a series of onscreen button-press cues. Additional combos are unlocked by cashing in dead souls collected from felled enemies. Accessory weapons are also available. For instance, once you wrench off Medusa's head, it can be used as a power-up to temporarily petrify enemies that can then be shattered if struck before they can thaw. The gods chime in, too, and dole out various devastating powers, such as Zeus' lightning bolts and Hades' dead souls.Robust fighting engine aside, God of War draws additional strength from the sheer diversity of tasks to be completed and the clever way it plays off the source material. Classic monsters, such as the Hydra, Minotaur, Sirens, and Harpies (among others) require specific techniques in order to defeat as the events take place against a driving music score reminiscent of the best Roman movie sagas like Ben-Hur. The excellent visuals bring these foes to life and the detailed architecture deliver the aesthetic punch of an era long gone.All is not perfect on Olympus, though. The inconsistent camera (that destroyer of other games) takes its toll as it makes seemingly simple tasks like navigating lengthy catwalks more perilous than it should be, and some of the puzzles rely excessively on split-second timing and result in repetitive trial-and-error.Setbacks aside, God of War is an exhausting, epic quest that challenges the mightiest video game warrior from the throne of their living-room couch.
God of War begins with Kratos, a mysteriously ghost-pale Spartan, standing at the top of the highest mountain in all of Olympus, claiming that the Gods have abandoned him, and casting himself off the cliff towards his death. The game then rewinds three weeks. Kratos, betrayed by the only one he had left had begun traveling the Aegean Sea to ask for repentence for his sins. After ten years of serving the Gods, Kratos demands Athena finally rid him of his nightmares. Athena informs him that before his deeds can be forgiven, there is one final task that stands before him. Ares, the God of War, has seen fit to destroy Athens. However, Zeus, the King of the Gods, has forbidden the Gods to wage war on one another. She informs Kratos that it is because of that reason that he must be the one to kill Ares and save Athens. In order to do so, Kratos must find Pandora's Box, because only then will he have the power to kill Ares.Through his quest, Kratos will encounter many of the beasts and demons in Greek mythology, such as minotaurs and gorgons (for those who may be unfamiliar, Medusa was queen of the gorgons). Kratos will come to develop many powers which, along with his Blades of Chaos, include powers borrowed from the likes of Poseidon and Zeus. The gameplay is a great mix of puzzles and battle and the battles themselves come with a good deal of strategy to them, as well. God of War introduced the gaming world to what is known as "interactive cutscenes," during which a cutscene of a pre-scripted event (usually a kill) is shown, interrupted by a certain button popping up on-screen, which must be correctly entered to continue. If the incorrect button is entered or it is not pressed fast enough, Kratos will end up taking damage from the enemy. However, if correctly performed (except in the case of bosses, as they take more than one interactive cutscene), Kratos will come away with the kill. The other benefit to these is that certain enemies yield either health or magic orbs which, once collected, regenerate lost health or magic points. The game also has a ton of red "experience orbs," which can be used to upgrade both magic and weapons to deal more damage and learn new combinations.God of War is a technically superior game, as the graphics and sound are both top notch. The gameplay is as high on the scale as it can get, with the mix of puzzles, combat (both hectic and strategic), and especially the interactive cutscenes. With a number of different playable difficulties and a bevy of unlockables to go along with it, God of War is one game that should not be missed, and is certainly one of the best on the PS2. This is one of the few games in my life that I can honestly say I felt deserved a standing ovation when I finished it.Overall: 9.6Gameplay: 10Graphics: 9Sound: 9Value: 9Tilt: 10
God of War begins with Kratos, a mysteriously ghost-pale Spartan, standing at the top of the highest mountain in all of Olympus, claiming that the Gods have abandoned him, and casting himself off the cliff towards his death. The game then rewinds three weeks. Kratos, betrayed by the only one he had left had begun traveling the Aegean Sea to ask for repentence for his sins. After ten years of serving the Gods, Kratos demands Athena finally rid him of his nightmares. Athena informs him that before his deeds can be forgiven, there is one final task that stands before him. Ares, the God of War, has seen fit to destroy Athens. However, Zeus, the King of the Gods, has forbidden the Gods to wage war on one another. She informs Kratos that it is because of that reason that he must be the one to kill Ares and save Athens. In order to do so, Kratos must find Pandora's Box, because only then will he have the power to kill Ares.Through his quest, Kratos will encounter many of the beasts and demons in Greek mythology, such as minotaurs and gorgons (for those who may be unfamiliar, Medusa was queen of the gorgons). Kratos will come to develop many powers which, along with his Blades of Chaos, include powers borrowed from the likes of Poseidon and Zeus. The gameplay is a great mix of puzzles and battle and the battles themselves come with a good deal of strategy to them, as well. God of War introduced the gaming world to what is known as "interactive cutscenes," during which a cutscene of a pre-scripted event (usually a kill) is shown, interrupted by a certain button popping up on-screen, which must be correctly entered to continue. If the incorrect button is entered or it is not pressed fast enough, Kratos will end up taking damage from the enemy. However, if correctly performed (except in the case of bosses, as they take more than one interactive cutscene), Kratos will come away with the kill. The other benefit to these is that certain enemies yield either health or magic orbs which, once collected, regenerate lost health or magic points. The game also has a ton of red "experience orbs," which can be used to upgrade both magic and weapons to deal more damage and learn new combinations.God of War is a technically superior game, as the graphics and sound are both top notch. The gameplay is as high on the scale as it can get, with the mix of puzzles, combat (both hectic and strategic), and especially the interactive cutscenes. With a number of different playable difficulties and a bevy of unlockables to go along with it, God of War is one game that should not be missed, and is certainly one of the best on the PS2. This is one of the few games in my life that I can honestly say I felt deserved a standing ovation when I finished it.Overall: 9.6Gameplay: 10Graphics: 9Sound: 9Value: 9Tilt: 10
French developer Quantic Dream, the mind behind the unique and innovative Indigo Prophecy, seems to have finally nail down its formula with Heavy Rain, the highly anticipated "interactive drama", which manages to mesh powerful story-telling and atmosphere with engrossing and immersive gameplay.Heavy Rain's narrative focuses on four protagonists separate protagonists - architect Ethan Mars, journalist Madison Paige, private detective Scott Shelby, and FBI agent Norman Jayden - whose lives interweave with one another. Without giving too much away, the game's unifying "antagonist" is a serial killer given the moniker "Origami Killer" thanks to the small origami art found atop all of the victims, who police have been unable to locate while the death count increases.Staying true to the "interactive drama" genre, Heavy Rain is entirely narrative-driven, as the characters wrestle with internal and external conflict, yet transcends its own newly created genre thanks to an accessibility that grants it wider appeal than Quantic Dream's last outing. It's also an unabashedly dark, mature game, with hints of the film noir genre, as it focuses on its overwhelmingly grounded characters thrust into extraordinary, exigent circumstances, also flirting heavily with the question of the tagline, "How far would you go to save someone you love?" It probes the depths of human nature, among other things, far more than almost all games before it.In terms of actual gameplay, Heavy Rain employs an untraditional control scheme, mostly through commands mandated by certain button presses, that strives to add to the immersion by making movements and actions feel precise and deliberate. General maneuvering will likely be hit or miss among players - I found it to be particularly intuitive, though sharp changes in direction while walking rarely offered me some trouble, likely because I didn't feel the need to stop before changing directions. More action-oriented scenes - and the game is filled to the brim with them, each more intense than the last - are handled with more familiar series of button presses that resemble quick-time-events seen in other titles, though they generally keep in line with the intuitiveness of the control scheme and offer a lot of depth.One other notable aspect to the gameplay is its malleable nature. While narrative driven, Heavy Rain isn't driven by a single narrative, meaning the players' actions have direct implications to the story, and to such an extreme degree that the main protagonists can actually die at various points within the confines of the story. This sense of permanence lends itself greatly to Heavy Rain's gripping nature, while the malleability of the story results in seven different possible outcomes (as well as replayability for those who would like to see all of the different choices afforded to the player and the outcomes they yield).The script is intelligently penned, in terms of both dialogue and plot vehicles. The characters are incredibly believable and multidimensional, which allows you to develop a deep connection with them (Ethan, in particular) and the characters themselves fully develop as the game progresses. The main storyline itself is also particularly clever and bound to leave most people guessing until the end and thoroughly engrossed.The script is also rife with thrilling, intense moments, which juxtapose beautifully with the theme of subtlety and nuance prevalent throughout the experience. In fact, Heavy Rain features some of the most intense scenes video games have ever seen, due in great part to the connection to characters that the strong storytelling and atmosphere breed. Many people might have been put off by fears of "slow" gameplay that's been going around, but the game veraciously and unapologetically dispels that notion; the parts that are "slow" cleverly presented, expertly crafted scenes that draw you further into the world, get you further invested in the characters and all so the game can forcibly shake you down to your very core with powerful, captivating moments.One reason behind the game's success with creating compelling characters, outside of the writing, is the technology. The game as a whole, is a graphical powerhouse; the graphics are unbelievable, and certainly the most realistic to date. The extensive motion capture and attention to detail, augmented by the powerful hardware of the PS3, lend themselves to the most believable, personable facial animation the gaming industry has ever seen, which in turn grants a higher level of connection to the characters, who feel incredibly real. The most subtle nuances - muscle twitches in the face - or blemishes on a character's skin add one more layer to the already multilayered characters, as well as unprecedented believability.Character models have been meticulously crafted to reflect genuineness in the characters, just as the mostly-urban environments have been to reflect an authenticity of the game world. The atmosphere is chilling when it needs to be, while maintaining sincerity consistently. The drama works thanks to subtlety and attention to detail - the most miniscule object haphazardly laying about in a room, for example, gives the room an air of authenticity, as if someone is truly living there. Equally considered is the sound work, which seamlessly blends with scenes, completely amplifying the emotional resonance; the musical score is poignant and artfully composed, while sound effects help further immersion into the setting.The voice acting, however, isn't without its flaws. While the majority of it ranges from good to top-notch there are a few poor accents in the game, which are simply jarring because of how noticeable they can be when juxtaposed with setting (which isn't France, mind you) and other characters; it really leads to wonder as to why they didn't consider hiring any North American voice talent - perhaps even approaching some notable actors - considering the focus on narrative.There also occasional subtle issues with animation (such as an item not entirely being in a character's grip) which, despite their brevity, are noticeable. Of course, this is also a testament to the game's technological prowess overall, because the things that do stand out as flaws are so unbelievably inconsequential that they'd hardly be noticed in just about any other game.The list of complaints about Heavy Rain are slim, but it remains true that it may not be a game for everyone. That being said, there isn't a gamer out there that shouldn't at least give the game a chance - a chance to be captivated, enveloped, and engrossed. It's somewhat hard to do the title full justice without giving away any of the scenes in the game in an exciting manner that hooks you in, but they're better left - each and every one - to experience, not know beforehand, even if it's something exponentially small.All that needs to be said is that Heavy Rain is an incredibly polished, unique title with its emphasis on delivering a mature, compelling story - and, that the game succeeds in all aspects, thanks to incredibly realistic technology, a stirring musical score, excellent writing, intuitive gameplay, and, perhaps most of all, absolutely brilliant directing by David Cage who manipulates scenes - from camera angles to lighting to character performance - with a rarely seen mastery. Heavy Rain is an experience that will stay with you long after you finish its story.
Almost everyone has at least heard of this game. It doesn't matter if you're obsessed with videogames, just a casual fan, or don't play videogames at all: the God of War series is just one of those trilogies that demands the respect or recognition of all gamers... who are somewhere around 18 years old. Using Greek mythology as a basis for its unique story, similarly to the movie Clash of the Titans, God of War puts players into the sandals of Kratos, a Spartan warrior with incredible strength and a temper to match who slays almost every mythological figure he comes across; whether it's a person or a monster, there's literally a 90% chance Kratos will kill them. When the game starts, it does so without any overly long building up or dragging out. From the main menu you can see the side of Kratos's face (mostly his silhouette) amidst a background of flames. Once you press start, the flames fade away and the camera shows Kratos's entire face and he sadly speaks: "The gods of Olympus have abandoned me." You then see that he is atop an enormous cliff, which he steps off of and plummets towards the waters of the Aegean Sea below him. The game then wastes no time with the action and goes back three weeks to when Kratos, in the service of the gods, is in a large shipwreck in the very same ocean doing battle with undead warriors, harpies, and a multi-headed Hydra. In what ends up becoming the trademark of the God of War series, this game sort of starts you off battling a boss, the Hydra, although at first you fight only a couple of its heads as you guide Kratos through the wreckage of several ships the Hydra destroyed, with many of the passengers being slaughtered en masse. When Kratos finally reaches the master head of the Hydra, the game shows off its graphical and technical superiority: the master head of the Hydra is GIGANTIC with sharp teeth and an intimidating roar. Kratos appears about the size of a Polly Pocket figure in comparison to this monster. When Kratos shows he is a match for this creature and proceeds to punish it with his chained blades, the Blades of Chaos, you begin to see how Kratos is truly one tough customer.Afterwards, Kratos is tasked by Athena, the goddess of wisdom, to destroy her brother Ares, the titular god of war, and save her city of Athens from being destroyed by him and his army. Kratos appears to have some past history with Ares and gladly accepts the mission in return for the gods removing the nightmares and memories that haunt Kratos every day and night; memories consisting of him slaughtering countless men and women. Kratos then begins his journey to slay Ares and his minions, traveling great distances through many detailed and varied environments such as the streets of Athens, the Desert of Lost Souls, and Pandora's Temple. During his journey, we find out more about Kratos's past, and the way the game slowly reveals his past through flashbacks with beautifully detailed CGI cutscenes is nothing short of amazing. These scenes are narrated by an unseen elderly woman, giving the scenes and the game in general a storytelling element that immediately grips the player and immerses them into the epic mythos of the game. It's also (mostly) through these cutscenes that we see just how well Kratos defines the term "anti-hero". Make no mistake, while Kratos is the protagonist of the game, he is by no means a "good guy" or "hero". In any other tale, he could easily be the villain.However, this game is more than just pretty graphics and an interesting tale. Most of it is in your face, relentless, bloody, and challenging action. As I previously mentioned, Kratos battles every kind of mythological creature ever spawned like minotaurs, centaurs, cyclopses, Medusa, and much more. With his main weapons, the fire imbued Blades of Chaos, Kratos can defeat most enemies just with the very effective combos available to him with these blades, mostly through combinations of light and heavy attacks. The blades can be upgraded for extra power and effectiveness as you defeat enemies. Kratos also acquires upgradeable magical abilities from the gods such as throwing Zeus's lightning bolts (Zeus's Fury), surrounding himself with a field of lightning (Poseidon's Rage), turning his enemies into stone with the head of Medusa (Medusa's Gaze), and summoning the souls of the dead (Army of Hades). He also acquires another weapon, the Blade of Artemis, which is slow and has a shorter reach than the Blades of Chaos, but does more damage per swing. The Blades of Chaos also eventually grant Kratos with the Rage of the Gods, where a bolt of lightning strikes Kratos and he is energized with the electrical energy. In this state his attacks do far greater damage and he takes much less damage from enemy attacks. It's best to save this move for a couple of the game's more difficult set-pieces and boss battles. One particular set-piece where Kratos undergoes a seemingly endless battle with a bunch of three headed Cerberus hounds proves to be one of the most difficult battles in the entire series and demands smart use of magic and Rage of the Gods. When surrounded by enemies, knowing when to attack, block/parry, or dodge attacks is key to surviving. That's what's so great about this game's combat: it's challenging, but also accessible and easy even for newbies to set up a good rhythm. Another way Kratos can do away with his enemies is by grabbing them once they've been weakened and then one of many quick time events will occur. You'll have to either press one of the four face buttons when prompted to do so, twist the analog sticks, or jam on the cirlce (grab) button so Kratos can brutally dismember his enemies: he'll twist off heads, yank off arms, behead enemies with their own weapons, rip them in half... whatever you can picture in your darkest thoughts, Kratos can do it.Other times, button prompts pop up requiring you to jam on a button simply to lift up a gate or push over a huge statue. The QTEs also come into play when Kratos battles the bosses in this game, and successfully completing them does great damage to the bosses (or kills them). This game perfected the use of QTEs: they give you just enough time to react and you usually only suffer moderate damage should you miss a step, but you still have to be on your toes if you want to survive. There are only three bosses in the game, but they're all huge and offer decent challenges, especially the final boss. The game has many puzzles to test the player's wit as well, and most of them are reasonably challenging. Some may take a while to figure out, like knowing in which order to turn several levers to activate some other machine. Others involve just being very quick, like pushing a large block across the floor and climbing onto it to reach a higher ledge before spikes shoot up from the floor and instantly kill Kratos. Still others require that Kratos sacrifice a person to please the gods, and he has no qualms about doing such a thing if it helps him in his quest to kill Ares (told you he wasn't a good guy). Overall, the game's combat and puzzles are challenging, but not quite to such an infuriating degree as games like Devil May Cry 3. I'm sure it's pretty obvious to you by now that this game has a very high level of blood and gore, but it also has several instances of nudity and sexual situations that actually reinforce the overall authenticity of the game's Greek myth backdrop... just don't play this game in front of children or family members if you want to avoid having a very awkward moment. This game has great graphics, challenging enemies and puzzles, an epic story, and top-notch gameplay and controls. Not to mention the incredible music, with lots of well sung orchestral scores that fit the game very well and further enhance its epicness. Get this game if you haven't already.
Almost everyone has at least heard of this game. It doesn't matter if you're obsessed with videogames, just a casual fan, or don't play videogames at all: the God of War series is just one of those trilogies that demands the respect or recognition of all gamers... who are somewhere around 18 years old. Using Greek mythology as a basis for its unique story, similarly to the movie Clash of the Titans, God of War puts players into the sandals of Kratos, a Spartan warrior with incredible strength and a temper to match who slays almost every mythological figure he comes across; whether it's a person or a monster, there's literally a 90% chance Kratos will kill them. When the game starts, it does so without any overly long building up or dragging out. From the main menu you can see the side of Kratos's face (mostly his silhouette) amidst a background of flames. Once you press start, the flames fade away and the camera shows Kratos's entire face and he sadly speaks: "The gods of Olympus have abandoned me." You then see that he is atop an enormous cliff, which he steps off of and plummets towards the waters of the Aegean Sea below him. The game then wastes no time with the action and goes back three weeks to when Kratos, in the service of the gods, is in a large shipwreck in the very same ocean doing battle with undead warriors, harpies, and a multi-headed Hydra. In what ends up becoming the trademark of the God of War series, this game sort of starts you off battling a boss, the Hydra, although at first you fight only a couple of its heads as you guide Kratos through the wreckage of several ships the Hydra destroyed, with many of the passengers being slaughtered en masse. When Kratos finally reaches the master head of the Hydra, the game shows off its graphical and technical superiority: the master head of the Hydra is GIGANTIC with sharp teeth and an intimidating roar. Kratos appears about the size of a Polly Pocket figure in comparison to this monster. When Kratos shows he is a match for this creature and proceeds to punish it with his chained blades, the Blades of Chaos, you begin to see how Kratos is truly one tough customer.Afterwards, Kratos is tasked by Athena, the goddess of wisdom, to destroy her brother Ares, the titular god of war, and save her city of Athens from being destroyed by him and his army. Kratos appears to have some past history with Ares and gladly accepts the mission in return for the gods removing the nightmares and memories that haunt Kratos every day and night; memories consisting of him slaughtering countless men and women. Kratos then begins his journey to slay Ares and his minions, traveling great distances through many detailed and varied environments such as the streets of Athens, the Desert of Lost Souls, and Pandora's Temple. During his journey, we find out more about Kratos's past, and the way the game slowly reveals his past through flashbacks with beautifully detailed CGI cutscenes is nothing short of amazing. These scenes are narrated by an unseen elderly woman, giving the scenes and the game in general a storytelling element that immediately grips the player and immerses them into the epic mythos of the game. It's also (mostly) through these cutscenes that we see just how well Kratos defines the term "anti-hero". Make no mistake, while Kratos is the protagonist of the game, he is by no means a "good guy" or "hero". In any other tale, he could easily be the villain.However, this game is more than just pretty graphics and an interesting tale. Most of it is in your face, relentless, bloody, and challenging action. As I previously mentioned, Kratos battles every kind of mythological creature ever spawned like minotaurs, centaurs, cyclopses, Medusa, and much more. With his main weapons, the fire imbued Blades of Chaos, Kratos can defeat most enemies just with the very effective combos available to him with these blades, mostly through combinations of light and heavy attacks. The blades can be upgraded for extra power and effectiveness as you defeat enemies. Kratos also acquires upgradeable magical abilities from the gods such as throwing Zeus's lightning bolts (Zeus's Fury), surrounding himself with a field of lightning (Poseidon's Rage), turning his enemies into stone with the head of Medusa (Medusa's Gaze), and summoning the souls of the dead (Army of Hades). He also acquires another weapon, the Blade of Artemis, which is slow and has a shorter reach than the Blades of Chaos, but does more damage per swing. The Blades of Chaos also eventually grant Kratos with the Rage of the Gods, where a bolt of lightning strikes Kratos and he is energized with the electrical energy. In this state his attacks do far greater damage and he takes much less damage from enemy attacks. It's best to save this move for a couple of the game's more difficult set-pieces and boss battles. One particular set-piece where Kratos undergoes a seemingly endless battle with a bunch of three headed Cerberus hounds proves to be one of the most difficult battles in the entire series and demands smart use of magic and Rage of the Gods. When surrounded by enemies, knowing when to attack, block/parry, or dodge attacks is key to surviving. That's what's so great about this game's combat: it's challenging, but also accessible and easy even for newbies to set up a good rhythm. Another way Kratos can do away with his enemies is by grabbing them once they've been weakened and then one of many quick time events will occur. You'll have to either press one of the four face buttons when prompted to do so, twist the analog sticks, or jam on the cirlce (grab) button so Kratos can brutally dismember his enemies: he'll twist off heads, yank off arms, behead enemies with their own weapons, rip them in half... whatever you can picture in your darkest thoughts, Kratos can do it.Other times, button prompts pop up requiring you to jam on a button simply to lift up a gate or push over a huge statue. The QTEs also come into play when Kratos battles the bosses in this game, and successfully completing them does great damage to the bosses (or kills them). This game perfected the use of QTEs: they give you just enough time to react and you usually only suffer moderate damage should you miss a step, but you still have to be on your toes if you want to survive. There are only three bosses in the game, but they're all huge and offer decent challenges, especially the final boss. The game has many puzzles to test the player's wit as well, and most of them are reasonably challenging. Some may take a while to figure out, like knowing in which order to turn several levers to activate some other machine. Others involve just being very quick, like pushing a large block across the floor and climbing onto it to reach a higher ledge before spikes shoot up from the floor and instantly kill Kratos. Still others require that Kratos sacrifice a person to please the gods, and he has no qualms about doing such a thing if it helps him in his quest to kill Ares (told you he wasn't a good guy). Overall, the game's combat and puzzles are challenging, but not quite to such an infuriating degree as games like Devil May Cry 3. I'm sure it's pretty obvious to you by now that this game has a very high level of blood and gore, but it also has several instances of nudity and sexual situations that actually reinforce the overall authenticity of the game's Greek myth backdrop... just don't play this game in front of children or family members if you want to avoid having a very awkward moment. This game has great graphics, challenging enemies and puzzles, an epic story, and top-notch gameplay and controls. Not to mention the incredible music, with lots of well sung orchestral scores that fit the game very well and further enhance its epicness. Get this game if you haven't already.
Jak and Daxter are back in the conclusion of the Precursor Legacy Trilogy. This game is almost an exact clone of its predecessor in pretty much every aspect. Normally when a videogame sequel is this similar to the previous game, the sequel tends to lose its "freshness". Fortunately, that's not the case for Jak 3, it uses the same gameplay and graphics that made Jak II great, while also adding a few improvements here and there. The story begins with a rather surprising scene: Jak is banished from Haven City and is being left in the middle of the wasteland desert by a council member named Count Veger and his soldiers, despite objections from Jak's friends Daxter, Ashelin, and Pecker. Apparently, the city is holding Jak responsible for the Metal Heads invading the city at the end of the previous game, and even though Baron Praxis and Metal Kor were defeated, the city is still at war with the surviving Metal Heads and previous Krimzon Guard robots, known as KG Deathbots. Jak, accompanied by Daxter and Pecker, is later found by a group of wastelanders and taken to their city, Spargus, where Jak has to prove his worth to the wasteland king Damas by taking part in arena battles in order to be allowed to stay in the city.Jak and Daxter eventually make their way back to Haven City, which is a war zone with Metal Heads and KG Deathbots constantly attacking the previous members of the Underground and Krimzon Guard who now defend the city as the Freedom League. Between dealing with these enemies, proving Jak's innocence, and finding out what the obviously corrupt Count Veger is up to, Jak and Daxter have a lot on their plate. Lucky for them, they've got mad skills and even madder weapons and gadgets that they can use to deal with any challenge. In the wasteland, Jak and Daxter will do missions for the tough but fair Damas, where they'll deal with Marauders and new kinds of Metal Heads as they explore temples, volcanoes, and Metal Head nests. The wasteland is also twice as large as Haven City, and the duo can get around by riding one of several dune buggies of different sizes armed with machine guns, grenade launchers, and so on. One of them can jump 30 feet in the air, allowing Jak and Daxter to reach areas that regular buggies can't reach. Spargus itself is considerably smaller than Haven City and strongly resembles Tatooine from Star Wars. Due to its smaller size, Spargus is easier to go through on foot, however there are plenty of Leaper Lizards that Jak can ride to get to places (they control and move like the Flut Flut from the first game). While it's easier to get around Spargus, it's still possible to accidentally ram into its inhabitants, but since they're all armed warriors, you should be prepared for a firefight if you anger any of them.Haven City is quite different from the way it was in Jak II. Certain areas like the slums and port haven't changed and offer a sense of nostalgia and familiarity, as do the reappearance of Jak's old friends, including Samos the Sage, Keira, Ashelin, Torn, Sig, and so on. However, other areas of Haven City have changed greatly. The park is now the new nest headquarters for the Metal Heads and appears appropriately gloomy and dark, with pools of green acid and endless Metal Heads roaming around. Other areas of the city that experience constant battling have Metal Heads, KG Deathbots, and Freedom League soldiers fighting each other, making the city very dangerous to travel through without a zoomer to get away from the endless wave of enemies. To help deal with the many enemies Jak and Daxter will face, he once again has access to the morph gun from the previous game with the same Scattergun, Blaster, Vulcan Fury, and Peace Maker mods making a return. Also, each of the four mods has 2 new upgradeable firing modes. For example, the second upgrade for the Blaster shoots out a saucer shaped pod that spins around and fires a hail of Blaster shots at all enemies underneath it. Then there's the first upgrade of the Vulcan Fury that fires a beam of electricity. With these additional upgrades, the number of weapons for Jak has increased from 4 to 12. Jak also has use of his jetboard and the power of his Dark Jak form. He even gains a Light Jak form after being energized with Light Eco; in this form Jak can do things like surround himself with a force field, heal himself, or sprout a pair of wings that allow him to glide over longer distances. In certain missions Jak acquires several pieces of Precursor Armor that increase his overall health, so no longer will he be killed by enemies after just four hits.Aside from Jak's new weapons and powers, the game also offers a few new twists to the gameplay with certain specialized missions alongside the more traditional missions so popular with the previous game. One of these new missions has Daxter go into cyberspace, where he deals with deadly cybersecurity measures in a digital world similar to Pac-Man and the player controls a "Pac-Daxter". There's also a mission where Jak gets to control one of those spider-like Bomb Bots and use its laser to blast its way through Deathbots and blow up a shield wall. The game offers even more opportunities to play as Daxter by himself than the previous game did. There's also an increased number of challenging boss battles for Jak and Daxter to tackle; the last one is particularly awesome and quite incredible just to look at. So yes, Jak 3 is just as fun and hugely challenging as Jak II. The graphics are also top notch once again. The old and new environments all look great. I only had two small problems with this game. First, while it's still a free-roaming sandbox game, the missions are considerably more linear than they were in Jak II. While Jak II would usually offer between two to four missions simultaneously and let you choose which one you wanted to tackle first, this game takes away most of this freedom and normally only offers one or two different missions at a time. The second problem is that this game is noticeably shorter than Jak II; this problem appears to be tied to the increased linearity. Still, these minor problems don't detract enough from the game to lower the score I gave it. Jak 3 has all the magic of Jak II with challenging and varied missions, a great story, beautiful graphics, and of course the kind of humor that only Daxter could provide. It's all good with Jak and Daxter in the neighborhood.
Jak and Daxter are back in the conclusion of the Precursor Legacy Trilogy. This game is almost an exact clone of its predecessor in pretty much every aspect. Normally when a videogame sequel is this similar to the previous game, the sequel tends to lose its "freshness". Fortunately, that's not the case for Jak 3, it uses the same gameplay and graphics that made Jak II great, while also adding a few improvements here and there. The story begins with a rather surprising scene: Jak is banished from Haven City and is being left in the middle of the wasteland desert by a council member named Count Veger and his soldiers, despite objections from Jak's friends Daxter, Ashelin, and Pecker. Apparently, the city is holding Jak responsible for the Metal Heads invading the city at the end of the previous game, and even though Baron Praxis and Metal Kor were defeated, the city is still at war with the surviving Metal Heads and previous Krimzon Guard robots, known as KG Deathbots. Jak, accompanied by Daxter and Pecker, is later found by a group of wastelanders and taken to their city, Spargus, where Jak has to prove his worth to the wasteland king Damas by taking part in arena battles in order to be allowed to stay in the city.Jak and Daxter eventually make their way back to Haven City, which is a war zone with Metal Heads and KG Deathbots constantly attacking the previous members of the Underground and Krimzon Guard who now defend the city as the Freedom League. Between dealing with these enemies, proving Jak's innocence, and finding out what the obviously corrupt Count Veger is up to, Jak and Daxter have a lot on their plate. Lucky for them, they've got mad skills and even madder weapons and gadgets that they can use to deal with any challenge. In the wasteland, Jak and Daxter will do missions for the tough but fair Damas, where they'll deal with Marauders and new kinds of Metal Heads as they explore temples, volcanoes, and Metal Head nests. The wasteland is also twice as large as Haven City, and the duo can get around by riding one of several dune buggies of different sizes armed with machine guns, grenade launchers, and so on. One of them can jump 30 feet in the air, allowing Jak and Daxter to reach areas that regular buggies can't reach. Spargus itself is considerably smaller than Haven City and strongly resembles Tatooine from Star Wars. Due to its smaller size, Spargus is easier to go through on foot, however there are plenty of Leaper Lizards that Jak can ride to get to places (they control and move like the Flut Flut from the first game). While it's easier to get around Spargus, it's still possible to accidentally ram into its inhabitants, but since they're all armed warriors, you should be prepared for a firefight if you anger any of them.Haven City is quite different from the way it was in Jak II. Certain areas like the slums and port haven't changed and offer a sense of nostalgia and familiarity, as do the reappearance of Jak's old friends, including Samos the Sage, Keira, Ashelin, Torn, Sig, and so on. However, other areas of Haven City have changed greatly. The park is now the new nest headquarters for the Metal Heads and appears appropriately gloomy and dark, with pools of green acid and endless Metal Heads roaming around. Other areas of the city that experience constant battling have Metal Heads, KG Deathbots, and Freedom League soldiers fighting each other, making the city very dangerous to travel through without a zoomer to get away from the endless wave of enemies. To help deal with the many enemies Jak and Daxter will face, he once again has access to the morph gun from the previous game with the same Scattergun, Blaster, Vulcan Fury, and Peace Maker mods making a return. Also, each of the four mods has 2 new upgradeable firing modes. For example, the second upgrade for the Blaster shoots out a saucer shaped pod that spins around and fires a hail of Blaster shots at all enemies underneath it. Then there's the first upgrade of the Vulcan Fury that fires a beam of electricity. With these additional upgrades, the number of weapons for Jak has increased from 4 to 12. Jak also has use of his jetboard and the power of his Dark Jak form. He even gains a Light Jak form after being energized with Light Eco; in this form Jak can do things like surround himself with a force field, heal himself, or sprout a pair of wings that allow him to glide over longer distances. In certain missions Jak acquires several pieces of Precursor Armor that increase his overall health, so no longer will he be killed by enemies after just four hits.Aside from Jak's new weapons and powers, the game also offers a few new twists to the gameplay with certain specialized missions alongside the more traditional missions so popular with the previous game. One of these new missions has Daxter go into cyberspace, where he deals with deadly cybersecurity measures in a digital world similar to Pac-Man and the player controls a "Pac-Daxter". There's also a mission where Jak gets to control one of those spider-like Bomb Bots and use its laser to blast its way through Deathbots and blow up a shield wall. The game offers even more opportunities to play as Daxter by himself than the previous game did. There's also an increased number of challenging boss battles for Jak and Daxter to tackle; the last one is particularly awesome and quite incredible just to look at. So yes, Jak 3 is just as fun and hugely challenging as Jak II. The graphics are also top notch once again. The old and new environments all look great. I only had two small problems with this game. First, while it's still a free-roaming sandbox game, the missions are considerably more linear than they were in Jak II. While Jak II would usually offer between two to four missions simultaneously and let you choose which one you wanted to tackle first, this game takes away most of this freedom and normally only offers one or two different missions at a time. The second problem is that this game is noticeably shorter than Jak II; this problem appears to be tied to the increased linearity. Still, these minor problems don't detract enough from the game to lower the score I gave it. Jak 3 has all the magic of Jak II with challenging and varied missions, a great story, beautiful graphics, and of course the kind of humor that only Daxter could provide. It's all good with Jak and Daxter in the neighborhood.
The first few moments of Dead Space 2 smartly accomplish a good deal in a very short amount of time. We get a glimpse into Isaac's psychological state, his psyche still tormented by the painful loss he experienced on the Ishimura during the events of the first game. We also learn that the three years since then have been little more than a blur to Isaac--he's in some kind of hospital facility, but has only the vaguest memories of his time there. And almost before you can say "necromorph outbreak," you take control of Isaac as he runs for his life from the hideous creatures who, for reasons that aren't immediately clear, have suddenly appeared and started slaughtering the human population here in the Sprawl, a vast urban area on Titan, Saturn's largest moon. Isaac, who said not a word in the original game, has a voice here, and although he's a bit bland as a character, the intensity of the action that surrounds him makes you feel invested in his desperate struggle for survival. Revealing glimpses into the world of Dead Space--such as a trek through a Unitology center that sheds light on the inner workings of the church whose activity is inextricably linked to the necromorph outbreaks--keep the momentum rolling during the early chapters. The game later falls into predictable rhythms for a while, but it picks up steam again toward the end, as the story goes to some unexpected and exciting places and puts almost as much emphasis on Isaac's struggle against his own demons of guilt and regret as on his battles against the necromorphs.But those battles against the hideous undead mutations remain front and center, where they belong. The key to dropping necromorphs is still blasting off their often frighteningly pointy limbs, which you do with a number of repurposed mining tools and a few actual guns, all of which feel powerful and are immensely fun to use. All of the weapons from Dead Space return in this sequel, including the plasma cutter and the line gun, which fire beams of energy capable of slicing necromorph limbs clean off. Another returning weapon is the ripper, a terrific tool whose spinning blade can result in a noisy, grisly end to necromorphs who make the mistake of getting too close to you. And there are a few new weapons as well: the detonator lets you place laser-triggered trip mines to set explosive traps for approaching necromorphs, and the javelin gun fires spikes at such a tremendous velocity that any necromorph unfortunate enough to be in their path is likely to find itself impaled to a wall.

Topic 5: ps3 0.02259 controller 0.01533 34 0.01234 xbox 0.00954 ps4 0.00796 playstation 0.00768 360 0.00696 sony 0.00609 console 0.00601 8217 0.00448
 How Many: 25962
All of the other positive reviews of the DS4 are spot on.Former Xbox 360 player here of Battlefield 3. I got heavy into BF3 gameplay on the 360 since it released in Nov 2011 so I have been using the 360 controller for a solid 20 months. You may search Cravit8 on battlelog to see my stats.I also have a PS3 that I got for blu-ray playing and some games.The complaints of the DS3 are valid, it's too small and the sloped R2/L2 triggers can't be used as triggers because they aren't trigger shaped.The DS4 is better in every way.  It is better than the 360 controller and the PS3 controller.  I bought it with trade-in credit at Gamestop to use on the PS3 with Battlefield 4 until my PS4 ships.Sony made this a GAME CONTROLLER, it must have some industry standards instead of typical proprietary Sony software because it is COMPATIBLE WITH PC AND PS3.Just FYI, the DS3 is not forward compatible with the PS4.  There are actual technological reasons for this as the old bluetooth spec 1.0 and 2.0 just don't carry the strength of signal and bandwidth.___________________________________________________________________________CHAT AND MIC SUPPORT:Chat now supported through the controller like it was on the 360. Brilliant move number 1.Industry standard universal 3.5mm stereo mic chat jack. Consumer friendly brilliant move number 2.NOTE: Xbox One retracted on both of these, to much of our bewilderment, but they really want you to use Kinect.The audio jack on the DS4 has a industry standard 3.5mm stereo mic chat jack (4-pole meaning 3 black bands and 4 silver poles) that is the same as most cell phones for the last few years.  So your Apple earbuds with mich or similar will work on the DS4.Xbox 360 headsets, hilariously, will also work with the DS4 with a simple 2.5mm to 3.5mm adaptor that can be had on here or fleabay for ~$1.  Xbox 360 headsets as far as I know do not work on the Xbox One. (will edit this if I get corrected).Happy controlling and chatting!
The following are my conclusions and observations following several hours of testing. It is possible that I missed a feature or two but I am quite confident that I was able to test all the major ones.The setup and first impressions:-------------------------------I don't know why, I imagined a bigger device. I am pleased to note that the keypad is a lot thinner than I imagined - about half an inch thick and pretty light.It fits nicely on top of any standard PS3 controller thanks to a clamp that, once it clicks in, it makes the keypad appear as if it was part of the controller's body. The three controller buttons that it covers: PS3, Select and Start are present on the pad at their expected locations but they only work when the keypad is attached to the controller. All other buttons work regardless of the keypad being attached or detached.The keyboard is okay but it's better suited for larger hands (or long thumbs). As a Blackberry user, I find this keyboard less comfortable than that of a classic Blackberry - but I've been using Blackberies for almost 10 years already so I may be a little bit spoiled or maybe biased toward their ergonomics.As far as workmanship is concerned, my impression is one of a well-built, durable device. It integrates well, visually and functionally with the PS3 controllers.The setup:----------After a couple of hours of charging through the USB port (cable not included), the keypad is ready to use. Once the On/Off switch is set to On, all that's needed is for the keypad to be connected to the PS3 through a USB cable and the pairing is done automatically.The workings:-------------The keypad operates in two modes: as a keyboard or, interestingly, as a touch pad.In keyboard mode, you get a QWERTY keyboard with well separated, round little keys. The letters, numeric and punctuation keys are where you would expect them to be but the special keys are not exactly at their familiar places and some of the less essential ones (PgUp, PgDn, End, Home and the function keys) are missing. Special characters can be entered with the help of 2 modifier keys (the Blue and the Orange).Three special keys allow you to enable the touch pad mode or quickly jump to your PS3 message box or friends list icons - I did not find the last 2 very useful.Until you make yourself familiar with some of the less obvious key combinations it's a good idea to save the instructions pamphlet (a 17"x11" folded sheet) found in the package.The touch pad mode is very interesting in that, after pressing the 'touch pad key', the keyboard is disabled and a section of the keyboard emulates a laptop's touch pad and the 2 cursor keys emulate mouse buttons and you can interact with your environment as if you were using a mouse.I am a 'knob' person as far as mouse emulation is concerned but, based on my testing, the touch pad mode, while interesting and innovative, is not very well implemented. For example, while in Browser mode, it does not allow you to scroll down your browser window, something that is easily and intuitively accomplished with the R3/L3 analog sticks. The cursor, when controlled with the touch pad was jumpy, either moving from one corner of the window to another or, sometimes, not moving at all. The good news is that all the controller buttons, including the sticks, are fully functional all the time so, people like me, won't have to use the touch pad.Brief evaluation:-----------------+ Bluetooth device, does not require dongles or wires+ Replaces a full-size keyboard, well suited for entering passwords or brief messages+ Perfectly integrated, physically and functionally with the PS3 controller - generally, it does not interfere with game play+ Rechargeable battery+ According to Sony (not tested by me) it can be paired with other Bluetooth devices (don't lose that manual)- Adds weight to the controller- Some of the special keys are placed at unfamiliar locations- Keys 'real estate' wasted by assigning 2 keys to jump to the message box and the friends list- Touch pad does not work very well- Small hands may find it a bit uncomfortableBefore I started writing this review, I thought I was going to award this keypad 3 stars but, once I listed the pros and the cons I see that the negatives are relatively minor. The major disappointment is the touch pad but it's not something that I am going to miss because I am already happy with the R3/L3. 3.5 stars should be the fair score but I am rounding it up to 4 because my overall impression is positive.With HOME now a reality, this is likely to become an increasingly useful add-on.
First off I preordered an Xbox One. Seeing (through pictures) how similar the controllers were to last generation's I didn't think the Dualshock 4 improved that much so I cancelled my preorder of a Playstation 4. Boy was I wrong.I tried the Dualshock 4 a couple of times last week and it has improved very much:- Shape has improved- Right and Left sticks feel great with concave middles- D-pad has improved (the pressing of each direction is more apparent)- Microphone Jack is nice- Touchpad in the middle is also good- Rechargeable built in battery packBad things about the controller are:- R2 and L2 pinch my fingers at the inside of the button.- R2 and L2 are still kind of mushy. I was hoping for Xbox 360 type triggers which are spring loaded.- Shape isn't the best- Right and Left stick aren't offset. (Offset sticks help to grip the controller better)- I hear the Battery doesn't last long.Update:The major difference I found comparing the controllers is the R2 and L2 of the DS4 pinch my fingers. This has happened to me with the DS3 and they still haven't fixed this. Although the DS4 comes with rechargeable batteries built in it has short battery useage. Though the DS4 has more features Xbox One's Controller seems to be overall a better designed controller which built upon an already great controller.Ranking Controllers:1. Xbox One controller tied with Xbox 360 controller1.5. DualShock 4 (coming in close behind Microsoft's 2 controllers with DS4's many new to be discovered features)3. DualShock 3 (because it isn't close to the DS4)
Having used both the PS4 and Xbox One controller and their respective predecessor, here is my take on the PS4 controller. Compared to the PS3 controller, the redesigned PS4 controller is better in almost every way possible. Instead of being an evolution of the PS3 controller, this one is a completely revolutionary design. The biggest difference of this controller is the touchpad on it, and while not many games have incorporated the use of the touchpad at launch (Killzone is one the games that does have touchpad support) there is a huge potential for games to incorporate the use of the touchpad. The inclusion of a speaker on the controller is another nice feature with big potential, so far I have only seen it be used in Resogun and Killzone (playing audiolog). There is a light in the front of the controller that has replaced the controller 1, 2, 3, 4 light on the PS3, again another feature that has potential depending on how developers use it. In FIFA, the color of the light represent the color of the user controlled player in the game, Player 1 is red, Player 2 is blue, etc. Now it is up to game developers to include the touchpad functionality and use the controller&#8217;s speaker in their game. It will be very interesting to see how those features will be implemented. The controller is also more ergonomical this time around. Since I have fairly large hands, I have found the Xbox controllers to be more comfortable to use compared to the Playstation controller. However, that is a wash this time around as the overall design of the PS4 controller is very comfortable and ergonomic. The triggers are now designed to contour to your fingers similar to the Xbox controller making it so that your trigger fingers sit their nicely and reduce the chance of slippage from previous design, good for those playing with sweaty or greasy fingers and all around a more thoughtful design. The back button is now replaced by a share button for sharing all your glorious moments online for your friends to see while the start button is replaced by the option button. At first locating and hitting the option button can be frustrating due to it&#8217;s small size and the fact that it is not raised from the controller&#8217;s surface. However after using the controller, you&#8217;ll get the hang of it and that will no longer be a big issue. So now for the gripes against this controller. The first issue with it is the durability issue and there are many reviewers saying that the rubber, especially on the left joystick/thumbstick is degrading. I&#8217;ve had the controller for two months and the rubber is already coming off. The second issue is the battery life. Compared to the PS3, Xbox One, and Xbox 360, the battery life is the worst on the PS4 controller. Hopefully Sony will release a revision of the controller that addresses these two issues because this controller has great potential. Only time will tell.
Caution: This will be a totally biased review. I love Sony PlayStation & I love this display monitor. Also, I will not repeat the entire product description here. I will, however, mention the relevant aspects of my own experience with this product.Firstly, the physical properties: The 24 inch screen may be small for many tastes, but if you live in a small apartment, a dorm room, or don't mind a TV in the bedroom, it makes for a nice fit. The picture quality is excellent - clean, vibrant colors, all in beautiful high definition 1080p, 240hz with 3D capability. The draw back is that the small size requires some rather close up viewing, especially when using it for 3D viewing, so bigger rooms and easy chairs don't allow for the full pleasure of the display. The display is also light in weight, so it travels quite nicely, which is good for me (I work at a paramedic station on 24 hour shifts, so I often take the display & PS3 with me).Set up with a PS3 is a piece of cake when using an HDMI cable - I cannot imagine it's that much more difficult using a component cable or with another gaming system, cable box, or other video source. The display has two HDMI inputs and one component (5 prong) input. Sorry, no 3 prong RCA cable inputs. Another plus, with an HDMI setup, is that turning on the PS3 via Dual Shock 3 controller turns on the whole setup - good for the fundamentally lazy...like me.The display has the exciting feature of Simulview which eliminates the need for split screen multiplayer gaming. It does require the use of the 3D glasses, but you get to play co-ops & on-line multiplayers with an entire screen all to yourself. The big disappointment is that not very many games, two or three so far, support Simulview.The speakers make some decent sound for a small display. Again, though, the small size requires some proximity for optimum enjoyment. However, if you have some decent speakers or head-phones that use a standard 3.5mm head-phone jack, then sound is no longer that much of an issue.The interface buttons are a bit of a challenge. I just memorized that the top button is the power button and the button with the little bead is the up-volume button. The rest is fluff that the Sony BD Remote covers nicely.Out of the box, you get the display, a stand (it is not built to accept a wall mount), an HDMI cable, a pair of 3D glasses w/ charging cable, and Motorstorm Apocalypse. With the price down to around $200, I think the display is a steal for those with a desire to experience HD & 3D on a modest budget & in small dwellings.
Comfortable controllers are a necessity when it comes to my choice in a game console. The one thing that initially held me back from purchasing a PS4 console was this controller. I am a HUGE fan of the Xbox 360 controller due to how perfectly it fits in the hands and the alternated joy sticks. It made for very comfortable game play. When I saw that Microsoft kept this layout for the Xbox One console, I was leaning toward getting it for that reason alone. However, I chose PS4 for multiple reasons instead and I am very happy I did. I was worried about the controller at first, but now I realized I had nothing to fear. It's a wonderful controller!This controller is very ergonomically friendly. It does not feel like a flimsy/cheaply made controller like PS3/PS2/PS1 controllers. It is slightly larger, allowing for an easier and more comfortable grip. The joysticks have a slight depression in them, allowing your thumbs to hold them more easily without slipping like on the older controllers. It's rechargeable. You can either plug it into your wall outlet or the console itself via USB charger. It comes with a headphone/microphone jack as well. Of course, you know about the share button and the touch pad that is now there.Overall, I'm happy I went with the PS4. I was worried about the controller, but not anymore. I love it. Very comfortable to play games with :)
I have big hands, and being raised with PlayStation controllers has molded my hands to be perfectly comfortable with them. I have NEVER had any hand cramps or soreness from any Dualshock controllers. Although the PSP and Vita put my pinkies to sleep after awhile. Anyways, on to the new controller and improvements I have noticed in my limited time testing it on the PS3 mostly with BF3.Picked this up from GameStop today (they had the PS Eye in stock also) and am not disappointed!THE DESIGN-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The DS4 feels like it was custom molded for my hands! It's amazing! All the buttons are easily reachable during a BF3 match except for the Options and Share buttons, which is a problem for BF3 on PS3 because Select (Share) is for spotting, but this is not an issue for the PS4.The Touchpad is also very comfortable to reach for.I was disappointed when I heard the textured half was plastic (not rubber), but in my hands it feels like rubber, so I am happy now.The gloss surface for the D-pad and face buttons feels great.THE BUTTONS------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So the face buttons are now digital and not analog, I noticed no difference in BF3, sometimes they actually felt snappier.The D-pad feels better, and has a dent in the center, though I will miss the texture like the DS3s has.R1 and L1 feel snappier (could be because it's new).R2 and L2 are much easier to grip due to the new curve. They also have a stopping point inside the controller before the buttons lip hits the frame like the DS3, so you know when it's pulled all the way. That may be enough to ween me off of R1 for the trigger!I thought the Touchpads clickable button would be bad, but it actually is very well done. The "click" feels the same wherever you press it!The PS Button is smaller and solid black.The sticks are AWESOME! They are actually smaller in circumference and shorter in height, but it's not that noticeable. The texture of the sticks and the caved in center made it almost impossible for me to slip off. My biggest plus is the accuracy you can get with this thing! Even on BF3 on the PS3 I could turn my sensitivity up with no problem!L3 and R3 are much easier to press while the sticks are facing out (example; walking to running on BF3).Share and Options are definitely not for use as in game buttons. They are raised just enough to find them, but not by accident. I will always miss Start and Select though.OTHER--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The Light Bar is bright but faced down so you don't notice it unless it were to flash or something. Red and blue flashing lights for NFS would be SWEET!It uses a Micro USB (not included).I was unable to test the Light Bar, Touchpad, vibration, headsets, or any other functions that require the PS4.Sorry guys! I don't really have anything bad to say about this controller! Maybe once I get my PS4, but for now it's awesome!Makes me want to get BF4 on PS3 just to be ready for PS4!Hope this review helped someone, and yes I am a shi**y writer. Anyways hit me up if you guys have a question or want me to test something!WHAT WORKS ON PS3? ONLY the Analog Sticks, Face Buttons, D-pad, L and R 1, 2 & 3, and Share/Options as Select/Start. MUST be plugged in via USB port on PS3. Could not pair as Bluetooth device in Settings or use as Audio device. ONLY WORKS ON CERTAIN PS3 GAMES.
I've been looking forward to holding the DualShock 4 since E3, because while holding a controller attached to a demo unit on a crowded showfloor is one thing, having it in the comfort of your home is another. In fact, I spent ten minutes just switching back and forth between the DualShock 3 and 4, just to see how much improved the new controller is. Of course, I would do this before I had to review a PlayStation 3 game. Which is a shame, because the DualShock 3 feels like a boxy toy compared to its successor. It's like getting new glasses: your old ones feel fine, until you've tried the new ones on.The DualShock 4 feels slightly thinner and longer than the DS3, but the new handgrips are larger and feel far more comfortable in my huge hands. The analog sticks are tighter than they were on the DS3, with a feeling of resistance approaching a 360 controller. Sony has made sticks slightly shorter and added a dip in the center of each one so your thumbs won't slip off. The button click on the analog sticks is not a deep as the DualShock 3, but still noticeable. The new directional pad has a more pronounced dip in the center that draws your thumb there naturally, but otherwise it feels like the same single piece rocker that we've had since the first PlayStation controller.As Sony confirmed months ago, the face buttons are digital instead of analog this time; no one really used them for analog purposes, so it saves data bandwidth to switch them back to digital. They're closer together on the DualShock 4, making a tighter diamond shape.&#34;With the DualShock 3, we were able to get analog data, which games didn't really use,&#34; Sony Computer Entertainment product planning manager Toshimasa Aoki told VentureBeat last week. &#34;For DualShock 4, we deleted that, and now it's all digital. The mechanism inside is a little different, and the data that games get is different.&#34;The R1 and L1 buttons are a little rounder, while the R2 and L2 trigger have undergone a complete redesign. The triggers are now concave instead of convex; my fingers fell right into place as soon as I picked up the DualShock 4. Even outside of general use, the concave triggers have a second benefit: fewer accidental button presses when you set down the controller, since it now rests on the edge of triggers. R2 and L2 on the DualShock 3 have a sense of greater resistance and springy-ness as they reach their full press, but on the DS4 it's smooth all the way through. As a tiny bonus the names on the top buttons actually face toward you when you're using the controller.To charge your DualShock 3 you used a mini-USB cable, but the DualShock 4 switches to micro-USB. So if you've purchased a non-Apple portable electronic device in the past four years, you're probably good to go. The controller itself does not come with a micro-USB cable, but one will come with the PlayStation 4. I have a ton of them lying around the house, so I grabbed one and plugged it into my PC to see what would happen.My Windows 8.1 PC did recognize the controller as a generic USB controller with a total of fourteen buttons: Square, X, Circle, Triangle, L1, R1, L2, R2, L3, R3, Share, Options, the PS button, and the click of the touchpad. The touchpad itself doesn't register and the D-Pad comes up as the &#34;point of view hat&#34;, like a flight stick. Oddly enough, the L2 and R2 triggers show up as buttons and change X and Y Rotation in Windows settings. The controller can also be reportedly be paired to a PC with Bluetooth, but I was unable to test that as my motherboard lacks a Bluetooth connection. Fun fact: the controller LED glows amber when hooked into a PC.I tried it out with a few PC games, but the results weren't all that great. Saints Row IV saw the controller and everything worked... except for the fact that the analog stick was inverted. Pushing down on the stick would make my character more forward and vice versa. There was no way to fix this using the in-game menus. Batman: Arkham City and Far Cry 3 were complete non-starters and neither game recognized the controller at all. Adult Swim's Soundodger worked fine. If you're getting this as a PC controller, I'd say your best bet is to wait. Sony needs to release some PC drivers for the DualShock 4 and I hear they're busy launching a console.All in all, I think Sony has done a great job with the new DualShock. It's a marked improvement over the DualShock 3, but I'll need more time with an actual game in order to deliver my final verdict. That said Sony's off to a great start, and in previous demos, I've preferred the DualShock 4 to the Xbox One controller.
Like many of you, I spent a lot of money for my LCD TV several years ago. When Sony announced their firmware update that allowed for 3D gaming and viewing of 3D Blu-Ray movies, I was tempted to buy another widescreen TV, but couldn't justify shelling out a few thousand more dollars for it. 3D would have to wait.Sony did something clever with this product. They bundled a 24" monitor with 3D glasses, the game Motorstorm Apocalypse, and an HDMI cable and priced it under $500. Suddenly it was a lot more affordable.The monitor comes packaged in a large box with a carrying handle (another benefit of ordering a smaller TV is that you don't need a crew of people to carry it upstairs). There's a slight amount of assembly required, which is a snap (literally). You attach the monitor to the stand and the stand to the base. Then, you just plug it into AC (the power cord is only about 5 feet, which was a bit small for my needs), and then plug the HDMI cable from your PS3 to the unit.It took me a while to find the power button, which is on the back of the unit to the right. There are six buttons in total: a power button, an input selector button (which switches between two HDMI connectors and one set of component (yPbPr) connectors), two volume buttons, a menu button, and a 3D button. They're all pretty generically shaped and lined up in one column, but to help you out an on-screen diagram will pop up when you press one to make sure you're pressing the right one. From the menu you can adjust the picture, including Backlight (0 to 10) and Picture Mode (dynamic, standard, cinema). You can also define a custom picture mode, setting your own brightness, contrast, color, hue, sharpness, and color temperature. It can be quite a pain to adjust menu settings with the buttons behind the unit, but you get used to it soon enough.The PS3 recognized the monitor immediately. I was pleasantly surprised by the crispness of the display. The colors and clarity on the LED display were definitely deeper and crisper than my current LCD TV. Likewise, the sound was powerful (it has 2 channel stereo output at 3W and a subwoofer at 5W built in).The 3D glasses come in a separate felt pouch, and the lenses come protected with some plastic over them (you pull off the plastic with convenient pull-tabs). It took me a while to figure out how to turn them on--there's a power switch on the inside for "battery" and then a separate power button on top, both of which need to be switched on. I was very happy to see a micro-USB connector on top (you need to pry open a little door to see it). I was afraid that like other Sony 3D glasses it'd be powered by a watch battery, but it looks like these glasses can be charged. Note that the connector is a smaller micro-USB connector and not a mini-USB such as the one used to charge the Dualshock and Move controllers. But happily there's a small USB-to-micro-USB cable included. I wear glasses, but the 3D glasses fit comfortably over them.I popped in the game "MLB: The Show 11" to test it out. No 3D. I went to the menu options, and the 3D option was greyed out. I finally realized that I had to go to the PS3 menu under "Settings", and select Video Output Settings > HDMI > Auto and set the screen to 24 inches before 3D would be enabled. Once I did that I returned to the game where now I saw all kinds of new disclaimer screens I didn't see before referencing 3D.Within the game, I adjusted the 3D settings. The first settings I tried had a lot of ghosting. But by adjusting the sliders a little I finally got a picture that was absolutely perfect. I wish that Sony had a "universal" setting instead of having us control it game-by-game, but bottom line, if the game developer did it right you will have control over the depth of 3D you can see.Next, I tried a 3D Blu-Ray which I happened to get today in the mail, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1. The disc started up and went right into 3D mode, with the opening menu gloriously popping out of the screen. It was a clean, crisp picture with no ghosting as far as I could tell. As is typical with these active 3D glasses, the picture was very dark even with the backlight set at maximum (it's like watching a TV screen with sunglasses). But if you sit close enough to the TV and/or adjust the menu settings, you should find a viewing setting that's comfortable.Last, I tried connecting it to my laptop, which happens to have an HDMI output jack. To my delight, I was able to go to YouTube's 3D channel, play videos with the "side by side" viewing method, adjust the 3D mode of the TV, and see the videos in full 3D! Not surprisingly, the picture quality, resolution and color fidelity were excellent. I hadn't planned on it, but I will be most likely be making this my second computer monitor of choice.The set does support "SimulView", which allows two people to play a game watching the same screen with both players seeing their own (2D) view of the game. I wasn't able to test because I didn't buy a second pair of glasses (which is kind of pricey at $70), but I'll update this review once I do.To sum up, I was honestly a little afraid that at this price Sony might try to push a cheap TV on the masses. But everything about this set screams high quality, from the crisp picture, to the 176/176 viewing angle (meaning that multiple people can be between 2-8 feet from the screen and still see perfect 3D as long as they all have the 3D glasses), to the 5000:1 contrast ratio and 240 Hz refresh rate. Aesthetically, it's quite gorgeous too--the black, polished screen really looks distinctive, especially next to the sleek lines of the PS3 itself. And surprisingly, I put the 24" TV next to my 42" LCD and didn't really miss the fact too much that it was smaller (granted, I grew up watching a 25" cathode ray tube TV).The one possible caveat I'd have about this set is what I'd have about all 3D sets--there are some people who might experience some mild-to-severe nausea. For this reason, I'd recommend you play at a friend's house or spend a good couple of minutes in front of a store display to make sure you're not one of those who are affected. For me, I experienced a tiny bit of nausea, but I'll admit that the coolness factor definitely made up for it. Worst comes to worst, you can switch off the 3D and still have a very high quality LED display.One other thing to note is that this isn't a "TV", as there's no TV tuner. But with the extra HDMI connector, you can easily plug in a TiVo or a cable box. Ironically, I also plugged in an Xbox 360 using the component cables, and that picture looks crisp as well.Long story short, if you've been tempted to try out 3D, this makes an excellent entry-level display.Unfortunately, I have to end my review with a couple words about Amazon. I have always been blown away by Amazon's customer service and I routinely pre-order games and systems from them. In this case, I had ordered the PS3 Display back in September, because they promised that everyone who pre-ordered would get a free copy of Resistance 3. Lo and behold, like many of you probably did, I found out that my order was cancelled--my invoice of September had the correct price of $499.99, but some klutz in Amazon evidently repriced it after I ordered it at $4.99 and then $49.99. Because of this, my order was cancelled. I called their customer service, and the rep "Bill" was very kind and understanding, but said he had to "check with his manager" to see what he could do. A few minutes later I get a generic email basically telling me tough luck and that I should re-place my order--which meant I wouldn't get it for another few weeks AND I wouldn't get the free game. No apology or anything. Needless to say, I immediately drove to GameStop where they gave me the system and a free copy of Uncharted 3 to boot. My message to Amazon--clean up your act or you'll see a lot more people doing the same.
The new PS4 controller is a change from previous PS3 controllers. While I haven't played the PS4 yet since it hasn't been released, I do have the controller. It feels lighter than the Xbox 360 controller but very stable and comfortable. There isn't a battery pack like the Xbox 360 controller, instead the battery is built into the controller. You charge the controller by using the micro USB cable that comes with the PS4. The battery can't be replaced and eventually will lose its ability to be recharged according to the instructions, so that means you'll be throwing out the entire controller when the time comes. It will be interesting to see how long that is. My guess is that the controller will get worn out before you are needing to replace the battery much like my Xbox 360 controller did.There is headphone jack so you can use normal headphones which is a nice feature. There is an LED light on the front of the controller that faces the TV and that is supposed to help the PS4 track where you are sitting and can change the split screen if you move. Game developers can also use this light if they decide to use it, like flashing blue and red if the police are chasing you or to show your health level. Not sure how helpful that will be since the light is facing away from you.There is a touch pad on the very top which also serves as a big button. This could be used for scrolling. The trigger buttons have been redesigned and feel much more substantial and very comfortable. There is a subtle texture on the handles which feels good in your hands.Some have been successful with using this controller on a PC and a Mac.Will update after being able to play with it on the PS4.****Update 11/17After playing with the controller for a couple of days, it feels really comfortable in the hands. It is lighter than the Xbox 360 controller. Having the two sticks next to each other feels good. On the Xbox the left stick is moved up on the left. I ordered a 10 foot micro USB cable so I can play while it charges if need be. It was only about $7 here on Amazon.Mediabridge Hi-Speed USB 2.0 - (6 Feet) - A-Male to Micro-B Cable

Topic 6: players 0.01036 mode 0.0094 year 0.00885 play 0.00868 ea 0.00841 madden 0.00822 new 0.00687 player 0.00686 game 0.00653 team 0.00587
 How Many: 25962
As I said in the title, this is not a review. I just want to save like-minded people some time, and summarize what makes 2005 different from the 2004 title. While this isn't platform specific, the biggest upgrade this year is for the Xbox, as EA and Microsoft have finally settled, and online play has finally arrived via XBLive. I'd like to not assign stars at all, but Amazon doesn't allow for pre-release non-reviews. So I'm assigning 5 stars based on Madden 2004, and the promise of the following new features. It is not meant to be commentary about the 2005 title.I've done this for NCAA 2005 as well, but decided to adapt it for Madden as well. Everything in here is Madden-specific.GENERAL GAMEPLAY IMPROVEMENTS:- The hit stick: The Hit Stick is a brand-new control innovation whereby players can attempt to lay a big hit on their opponent by flicking the right stick. They are risky, as a mis-timed hit can be devastating to your defense, but it can all pay off with a huge hit and a fumble or dropped pass.- Reworked DB play/pass defense: Rebuilt from the ground up, with a focus on man-to-man coverage. Good DBs will now blanket their receivers better than ever before, and "shut down" corners will now play as such.- All alternate team jerseys are now available.- Updated player models for more intense realism.- Reworked stadiums, fans, and environmental graphics.- New running animations. "Over 1000 new animations added."FRANCHISE MODE IMPROVEMENTS:- Restricted Free Agents - Allow your young guys to test Restricted Free Agency.- Preseason Position Battles - Let two players who are similar in talent battle it out for the starting job.- Player Personalities - Players react to everything that happens to them and if things get really bad for them, they demand a trade. If you're not throwing the ball to your star receiver, you'll hear about it.- Franchise Tags - Tag players who refuse to re-sign with your team.- New Realistic Off-season Free Agency - Players no longer only care about money. They now look at your team, the players you have, your team prestige and lots of other factors.- Weekly Game-plan - Your coordinators provide you with a game-plan each week that contains keys to stop your upcoming opponents.- NFL Icons - They've acknowledged the stars in the NFL and they become Icons in your Franchise. These players influence free agents and affect morale if something happens to them.- Practice in Franchise - You can now practice with your current franchise team.- Improved Team Management - Teams intelligently manage their rosters now. They cut dead weight and sign regular season free agents.- Name Team Captains - You can now name your team captains every year in Franchise.- Rivalries - Rivalries are a new addition to Franchise this year.- Team Prestige - A new aspect of Franchise is prestige. Turn a perennial loser around to become a true powerhouse.- In-Season Player Progression - Players now progress based on how well they're doing during the season. Breakout players are rewarded for their performance.- Improved Draft - A ticker, announcer and trading during the draft highlight our draft improvements.- Change Player Positions - You can change the positions of players in Franchise every season now.- Storyline Central is a new addition to Franchise Mode this year that focuses on every story that is at the forefront in the NFL. The stories around your team now impact your team. If the rookie RB is pushing the veteran for playing time but not getting it, his morale will drop and it will affect his performance. You hear about the stories three different ways.1) Newspaper. Every team in Franchise has a newspaper from their local city that discusses only the stories that pertain to that team. We also feature USA Today, which is the franchise's national newspaper. In USA Today, the most important stories from the entire NFL appear.2) EA Sports Radio. They've added sports talk radio to Franchise, where host Tony Bruno breaks down the week's biggest stories. Each week's show includes call-ins, coach and player interviews, trivia questions and from time to time, Tony will rant about important issues in the NFL.3) Email. Every week on your PDA, you'll receive emails about everything going on with your team. You will receive emails from players, coaches, general managers, the PR department, etc.- Create-a-fan: Create your own dedicated crazy fans. To be included during game-time celebratory animations.ONLINE PLAY IMPROVEMENTS:- Opponent scouting: They've added a new scouting report that allows you to check any player's (online) tendencies. You can look at their favorite playbook and formation, as well as look at how much they no-huddle, call hot routes, and audible. It's meant to try and cut down on the number of games wasted to opposition that cheats or otherwise plays in a manner you're not interested in.- Quick tournaments: 4 or 8 player tournaments built right into the online system.- Even team mode: An option that will allow an even playing field, regardless of the 'real world' strengths and weaknesses of two programs/teams.- Improved leaderboards.- "Rushing Attack" mini-game, as defined above.- EA Messenger: Track dozens of friends online.That's all I've come across so far, but it's a factual aggregation of information, all directly from the source. Either Electronic Arts, and/or Phil Frazier the line producer via an interview on EASports, much of the info is paraphrased or even partially or wholly quoted. None of this comes through third parties, or speculation. Given that, this looks to be one of the biggest leaps forward this franchise has enjoyed in some time. Particularly for Xbox fans as they finally get online play, but really for everyone. But enough, I now return you to your regularly scheduled, "tHiS gAMe iz dA bOMb!" 'reviews'.
As I said in the title, this is not a review. I just want to save like-minded people some time, and summarize what makes 2005 different from the 2004 title.  While this isn't platform specific, the biggest upgrade this year is for the Xbox, as EA and Microsoft have finally settled, and online play has finally arrived via XBLive.  I'd like to not assign stars at all, but Amazon doesn't allow for pre-release non-reviews.  So I'm assigning 5 stars based on Madden 2004, and the promise of the following new features.  It is not meant to be commentary about the 2005 title.I've done this for NCAA 2005 as well, but decided to adapt it for Madden as well.  Everything in here is Madden-specific.GENERAL GAMEPLAY IMPROVEMENTS:- The hit stick:  The Hit Stick is a brand-new control innovation whereby players can attempt to lay a big hit on their opponent by flicking the right stick. They are risky, as a mis-timed hit can be devastating to your defense, but it can all pay off with a huge hit and a fumble or dropped pass.- Reworked DB play/pass defense:  Rebuilt from the ground up, with a focus on man-to-man coverage.  Good DBs will now blanket their receivers better than ever before, and "shut down" corners will now play as such.- All alternate team jerseys are now available.- Updated player models for more intense realism.- Reworked stadiums, fans, and environmental graphics.- New running animations.  "Over 1000 new animations added."FRANCHISE MODE IMPROVEMENTS:- Restricted Free Agents - Allow your young guys to test Restricted Free Agency.- Preseason Position Battles - Let two players who are similar in talent battle it out for the starting job.- Player Personalities - Players react to everything that happens to them and if things get really bad for them, they demand a trade. If you're not throwing the ball to your star receiver, you'll hear about it.- Franchise Tags - Tag players who refuse to re-sign with your team.- New Realistic Off-season Free Agency - Players no longer only care about money. They now look at your team, the players you have, your team prestige and lots of other factors.- Weekly Game-plan - Your coordinators provide you with a game-plan each week that contains keys to stop your upcoming opponents.- NFL Icons - They've acknowledged the stars in the NFL and they become Icons in your Franchise. These players influence free agents and affect morale if something happens to them.- Practice in Franchise - You can now practice with your current franchise team.- Improved Team Management - Teams intelligently manage their rosters now. They cut dead weight and sign regular season free agents.- Name Team Captains - You can now name your team captains every year in Franchise.- Rivalries - Rivalries are a new addition to Franchise this year.- Team Prestige - A new aspect of Franchise is prestige. Turn a perennial loser around to become a true powerhouse.- In-Season Player Progression - Players now progress based on how well they're doing during the season. Breakout players are rewarded for their performance.- Improved Draft - A ticker, announcer and trading during the draft highlight our draft improvements.- Change Player Positions - You can change the positions of players in Franchise every season now.- Storyline Central is a new addition to Franchise Mode this year that focuses on every story that is at the forefront in the NFL. The stories around your team now impact your team. If the rookie RB is pushing the veteran for playing time but not getting it, his morale will drop and it will affect his performance. You hear about the stories three different ways.1) Newspaper. Every team in Franchise has a newspaper from their local city that discusses only the stories that pertain to that team. We also feature USA Today, which is the franchise's national newspaper. In USA Today, the most important stories from the entire NFL appear.2) EA Sports Radio. They've added sports talk radio to Franchise, where host Tony Bruno breaks down the week's biggest stories. Each week's show includes call-ins, coach and player interviews, trivia questions and from time to time, Tony will rant about important issues in the NFL.3) Email. Every week on your PDA, you'll receive emails about everything going on with your team. You will receive emails from players, coaches, general managers, the PR department, etc.- Create-a-fan:  Create your own dedicated crazy fans.  To be included during game-time celebratory animations.ONLINE PLAY IMPROVEMENTS:- Opponent scouting:  They've added a new scouting report that allows you to check any player's (online) tendencies. You can look at their favorite playbook and formation, as well as look at how much they no-huddle, call hot routes, and audible.  It's meant to try and cut down on the number of games wasted to opposition that cheats or otherwise plays in a manner you're not interested in.- Quick tournaments:  4 or 8 player tournaments built right into the online system.- Even team mode:  An option that will allow an even playing field, regardless of the `real world' strengths and weaknesses of two programs/teams.- Improved leaderboards.- "Rushing Attack" mini-game, as defined above.- EA Messenger:  Track dozens of friends online.That's all I've come across so far, but it's a factual aggregation of information, all directly from the source.  Either Electronic Arts, and/or Phil Frazier the line producer via an interview on EASports, much of the info is paraphrased or even partially or wholly quoted.  None of this comes through third parties, or speculation.  Given that, this looks to be one of the biggest leaps forward this franchise has enjoyed in some time.  Particularly for Xbox fans as they finally get online play, but really for everyone.  But enough, I now return you to your regularly scheduled, "tHiS gAMe iz dA bOMb!" 'reviews'.
As I said in the title, this is not a review. I just want to save like-minded people some time, and summarize what makes 2005 different from the 2004 title. While this isn't platform specific, the biggest upgrade this year is for the Xbox, as EA and Microsoft have finally settled, and online play has finally arrived via XBLive. I'd like to not assign stars at all, but Amazon doesn't allow for pre-release non-reviews. So I'm assigning 5 stars based on Madden 2004, and the promise of the following new features. It is not meant to be commentary about the 2005 title.I've done this for NCAA 2005 as well, but decided to adapt it for Madden as well. Everything in here is Madden-specific.GENERAL GAMEPLAY IMPROVEMENTS:- The hit stick: The Hit Stick is a brand-new control innovation whereby players can attempt to lay a big hit on their opponent by flicking the right stick. They are risky, as a mis-timed hit can be devastating to your defense, but it can all pay off with a huge hit and a fumble or dropped pass.- Reworked DB play/pass defense: Rebuilt from the ground up, with a focus on man-to-man coverage. Good DBs will now blanket their receivers better than ever before, and "shut down" corners will now play as such.- All alternate team jerseys are now available.- Updated player models for more intense realism.- Reworked stadiums, fans, and environmental graphics.- New running animations. "Over 1000 new animations added."FRANCHISE MODE IMPROVEMENTS:- Restricted Free Agents - Allow your young guys to test Restricted Free Agency.- Preseason Position Battles - Let two players who are similar in talent battle it out for the starting job.- Player Personalities - Players react to everything that happens to them and if things get really bad for them, they demand a trade. If you're not throwing the ball to your star receiver, you'll hear about it.- Franchise Tags - Tag players who refuse to re-sign with your team.- New Realistic Off-season Free Agency - Players no longer only care about money. They now look at your team, the players you have, your team prestige and lots of other factors.- Weekly Game-plan - Your coordinators provide you with a game-plan each week that contains keys to stop your upcoming opponents.- NFL Icons - They've acknowledged the stars in the NFL and they become Icons in your Franchise. These players influence free agents and affect morale if something happens to them.- Practice in Franchise - You can now practice with your current franchise team.- Improved Team Management - Teams intelligently manage their rosters now. They cut dead weight and sign regular season free agents.- Name Team Captains - You can now name your team captains every year in Franchise.- Rivalries - Rivalries are a new addition to Franchise this year.- Team Prestige - A new aspect of Franchise is prestige. Turn a perennial loser around to become a true powerhouse.- In-Season Player Progression - Players now progress based on how well they're doing during the season. Breakout players are rewarded for their performance.- Improved Draft - A ticker, announcer and trading during the draft highlight our draft improvements.- Change Player Positions - You can change the positions of players in Franchise every season now.- Storyline Central is a new addition to Franchise Mode this year that focuses on every story that is at the forefront in the NFL. The stories around your team now impact your team. If the rookie RB is pushing the veteran for playing time but not getting it, his morale will drop and it will affect his performance. You hear about the stories three different ways.1) Newspaper. Every team in Franchise has a newspaper from their local city that discusses only the stories that pertain to that team. We also feature USA Today, which is the franchise's national newspaper. In USA Today, the most important stories from the entire NFL appear.2) EA Sports Radio. They've added sports talk radio to Franchise, where host Tony Bruno breaks down the week's biggest stories. Each week's show includes call-ins, coach and player interviews, trivia questions and from time to time, Tony will rant about important issues in the NFL.3) Email. Every week on your PDA, you'll receive emails about everything going on with your team. You will receive emails from players, coaches, general managers, the PR department, etc.- Create-a-fan: Create your own dedicated crazy fans. To be included during game-time celebratory animations.ONLINE PLAY IMPROVEMENTS:- Opponent scouting: They've added a new scouting report that allows you to check any player's (online) tendencies. You can look at their favorite playbook and formation, as well as look at how much they no-huddle, call hot routes, and audible. It's meant to try and cut down on the number of games wasted to opposition that cheats or otherwise plays in a manner you're not interested in.- Quick tournaments: 4 or 8 player tournaments built right into the online system.- Even team mode: An option that will allow an even playing field, regardless of the 'real world' strengths and weaknesses of two programs/teams.- Improved leaderboards.- "Rushing Attack" mini-game, as defined above.- EA Messenger: Track dozens of friends online.That's all I've come across so far, but it's a factual aggregation of information, all directly from the source. Either Electronic Arts, and/or Phil Frazier the line producer via an interview on EASports, much of the info is paraphrased or even partially or wholly quoted. None of this comes through third parties, or speculation. Given that, this looks to be one of the biggest leaps forward this franchise has enjoyed in some time. Particularly for Xbox fans as they finally get online play, but really for everyone. But enough, I now return you to your regularly scheduled, "tHiS gAMe iz dA bOMb!" 'reviews'.
As I said in the title, this is not a review. I just want to save like-minded people some time, and summarize what makes 2005 different from the 2004 title.  While this isn't platform specific, the biggest upgrade this year is for the Xbox, as EA and Microsoft have finally settled, and online play has finally arrived via XBLive.  I'd like to not assign stars at all, but Amazon doesn't allow for pre-release non-reviews.  So I'm assigning 5 stars based on Madden 2004, and the promise of the following new features.  It is not meant to be commentary about the 2005 title.I've done this for NCAA 2005 as well, but decided to adapt it for Madden as well.  Everything in here is Madden-specific.GENERAL GAMEPLAY IMPROVEMENTS:- The hit stick:  The Hit Stick is a brand-new control innovation whereby players can attempt to lay a big hit on their opponent by flicking the right stick. They are risky, as a mis-timed hit can be devastating to your defense, but it can all pay off with a huge hit and a fumble or dropped pass.- Reworked DB play/pass defense:  Rebuilt from the ground up, with a focus on man-to-man coverage.  Good DBs will now blanket their receivers better than ever before, and "shut down" corners will now play as such.- All alternate team jerseys are now available.- Updated player models for more intense realism.- Reworked stadiums, fans, and environmental graphics.- New running animations.  "Over 1000 new animations added."FRANCHISE MODE IMPROVEMENTS:- Restricted Free Agents - Allow your young guys to test Restricted Free Agency.- Preseason Position Battles - Let two players who are similar in talent battle it out for the starting job.- Player Personalities - Players react to everything that happens to them and if things get really bad for them, they demand a trade. If you're not throwing the ball to your star receiver, you'll hear about it.- Franchise Tags - Tag players who refuse to re-sign with your team.- New Realistic Off-season Free Agency - Players no longer only care about money. They now look at your team, the players you have, your team prestige and lots of other factors.- Weekly Game-plan - Your coordinators provide you with a game-plan each week that contains keys to stop your upcoming opponents.- NFL Icons - They've acknowledged the stars in the NFL and they become Icons in your Franchise. These players influence free agents and affect morale if something happens to them.- Practice in Franchise - You can now practice with your current franchise team.- Improved Team Management - Teams intelligently manage their rosters now. They cut dead weight and sign regular season free agents.- Name Team Captains - You can now name your team captains every year in Franchise.- Rivalries - Rivalries are a new addition to Franchise this year.- Team Prestige - A new aspect of Franchise is prestige. Turn a perennial loser around to become a true powerhouse.- In-Season Player Progression - Players now progress based on how well they're doing during the season. Breakout players are rewarded for their performance.- Improved Draft - A ticker, announcer and trading during the draft highlight our draft improvements.- Change Player Positions - You can change the positions of players in Franchise every season now.- Storyline Central is a new addition to Franchise Mode this year that focuses on every story that is at the forefront in the NFL. The stories around your team now impact your team. If the rookie RB is pushing the veteran for playing time but not getting it, his morale will drop and it will affect his performance. You hear about the stories three different ways.1) Newspaper. Every team in Franchise has a newspaper from their local city that discusses only the stories that pertain to that team. We also feature USA Today, which is the franchise's national newspaper. In USA Today, the most important stories from the entire NFL appear.2) EA Sports Radio. They've added sports talk radio to Franchise, where host Tony Bruno breaks down the week's biggest stories. Each week's show includes call-ins, coach and player interviews, trivia questions and from time to time, Tony will rant about important issues in the NFL.3) Email. Every week on your PDA, you'll receive emails about everything going on with your team. You will receive emails from players, coaches, general managers, the PR department, etc.- Create-a-fan:  Create your own dedicated crazy fans.  To be included during game-time celebratory animations.ONLINE PLAY IMPROVEMENTS:- Opponent scouting:  They've added a new scouting report that allows you to check any player's (online) tendencies. You can look at their favorite playbook and formation, as well as look at how much they no-huddle, call hot routes, and audible.  It's meant to try and cut down on the number of games wasted to opposition that cheats or otherwise plays in a manner you're not interested in.- Quick tournaments:  4 or 8 player tournaments built right into the online system.- Even team mode:  An option that will allow an even playing field, regardless of the `real world' strengths and weaknesses of two programs/teams.- Improved leaderboards.- "Rushing Attack" mini-game, as defined above.- EA Messenger:  Track dozens of friends online.That's all I've come across so far, but it's a factual aggregation of information, all directly from the source.  Either Electronic Arts, and/or Phil Frazier the line producer via an interview on EASports, much of the info is paraphrased or even partially or wholly quoted.  None of this comes through third parties, or speculation.  Given that, this looks to be one of the biggest leaps forward this franchise has enjoyed in some time.  Particularly for Xbox fans as they finally get online play, but really for everyone.  But enough, I now return you to your regularly scheduled, "tHiS gAMe iz dA bOMb!" 'reviews'.
As I said in the title, this is not a review. I just want to save like-minded people some time, and summarize what makes 2005 different from the 2004 title.  While this isn't platform specific, the biggest upgrade this year is for the Xbox, as EA and Microsoft have finally settled, and online play has finally arrived via XBLive.  I'd like to not assign stars at all, but Amazon doesn't allow for pre-release non-reviews.  So I'm assigning 5 stars based on NCAA 2004, and the promise of the following new features.That aside (despite it being a huge issue), the following changes come directly from EA Sports announcements.  What follows is verifiable on their website or with a few well-placed Google searches.  I present it for convenience.  These 'pre-release reviews' that always pop up for titles might as well serve a real purpose, besides of course the all-important "tHIs gAme iS dEFiNaTEly (sic) gOInG tO RAwK!!!" proclamations.  But I digress, the summary follows, I intend to keep my personal commentary to an absolute minimum;GENERAL GAMEPLAY IMPROVEMENTS:- Big hits:  The option to take a chance on really plastering another player.  Increases the chance of a fumble or dropped pass, but also the chance of you whiffing on the tackle.- Improved run blocking and new run animations:  No more getting stuck against or behind your own linemen.  Good offensive lines now open better holes and routes.- Home Field Advantage:  The bigger the stadium, the louder the crowd, the greater the impact.  Pumping up the crowd carries more meaning and response.  Visiting teams have to fight an uphill battle against the environment, based upon the strength of the home team's stadium and crowd.- Interactive Timeouts: You're now given a choice on which group to coach, it can directly address ratings and composure levels depending on those of your team captains.  You can now "ice the kicker" with timeouts, as composure is an issue for all players.- Match-Up Stick:  Player ratings (in game) can now change based upon the individual's ability to handle pressure.  You can now check composure and mismatches pre-snap.- Custom fans:  Set up your own 'crazed' fans with a variety of options, accessories, appearances, etc.  To add to the college gameday atmosphere, and...- Custom celebrations:  Choose to play a mascot, fan or player animation, decide between mild and extreme.- More "user" stats:  User pick tracking was well received, now more stats are tracked in this form in your record book.DYNASTY MODE IMPROVEMENTS:- Roster expansion to 70 (according to the producer, although 75 has been reported elsewhere).  It's been down at 55 for years, which has been a source of frustration for those who enjoy dynasty mode.- Top 25 Stadiums tracking:  In dynasty mode, you can build home field advantage where there was little or none before, the top 25 places to play are tracked.- Team Captains:  As part of a deeply enhanced dynasty mode, you can now name captains.- Program integrity:  Dynasty depth - keep tabs on your players, you can now suffer academic issues and/or team rule violations.  You choose how to discipline, and you can now actually lose scholarships, television exposure, and post-season play if you don't run a clean program.  It also speaks to;- Player transfers:  You can now lose athletes to transfers if they're unhappy, and feel like they should be seeing the field more.  You can also have players from other programs request a transfer in if you're not deep at their position.- Recruiting pipelines:  You can now build your presence outside of your immediate geographic region.- Improved scouting:  You can now unlock prospect attributes without offering a scholarship first.- Better defined offensive/defensive coaching strategies:  Speaks to play-calling, simulation and recruiting.- Accurate conference schedule rotation.- Athletes:  You can now recruit a kid just for his athletic ability, and define or switch his position on the roster later.  If you have a QB who would make a better FS or WR, you can switch him, and he will progress according to his new position, not the old.- More/improved Sports Illustrated stories, magazine covers and insight throughout the season.- More trophies.  Added support for the Rimington and Doak Walker.  28 bowl trophies, 49 rivalry trophies.- All-Conference teams.  To supplement 1st and 2nd team All-American tracking.ONLINE PLAY IMPROVEMENTS:- Opponent scouting:  They've added a new scouting report that allows you to check any player's (online) tendencies. You can look at their favorite playbook and formation, as well as look at how much they no-huddle, call hot routes, and audible.  It's meant to try and cut down on the number of games wasted to opposition that cheats or otherwise plays in a manner you're not interested in.- Quick tournaments:  4 or 8 player tournaments built right into the online system.- Even team mode:  An option that will allow an even playing field, regardless of the `real world' strengths and weaknesses of two programs/teams.- Improved leaderboards.- Minigames.That's all I've come across so far, but it's a factual aggregation of information, all directly from the source.  Either Electronic Arts, and/or Rod Moye the producer via an interview on EASports.  None of this comes through third parties, or speculation.  Given that, this looks to be one of the biggest leaps forward this franchise has enjoyed in some time.  Particularly for Xbox fans as they finally get online play, but really for everyone.  But enough, I now return you to your regularly scheduled, "tHiS gAMe iz dA bOMb!" 'reviews'.
As I said in the title, this is not a review. I just want to save like-minded people some time, and summarize what makes 2005 different from the 2004 title.  While this isn't platform specific, the biggest upgrade this year is for the Xbox, as EA and Microsoft have finally settled, and online play has finally arrived via XBLive.  I'd like to not assign stars at all, but Amazon doesn't allow for pre-release non-reviews.  So I'm assigning 5 stars based on NCAA 2004, and the promise of the following new features.That aside (despite it being a huge issue), the following changes come directly from EA Sports announcements.  What follows is verifiable on their website or with a few well-placed Google searches.  I present it for convenience.  These 'pre-release reviews' that always pop up for titles might as well serve a real purpose, besides of course the all-important "tHIs gAme iS dEFiNaTEly (sic) gOInG tO RAwK!!!" proclamations.  But I digress, the summary follows, I intend to keep my personal commentary to an absolute minimum;GENERAL GAMEPLAY IMPROVEMENTS:- Big hits:  The option to take a chance on really plastering another player.  Increases the chance of a fumble or dropped pass, but also the chance of you whiffing on the tackle.- Improved run blocking and new run animations:  No more getting stuck against or behind your own linemen.  Good offensive lines now open better holes and routes.- Home Field Advantage:  The bigger the stadium, the louder the crowd, the greater the impact.  Pumping up the crowd carries more meaning and response.  Visiting teams have to fight an uphill battle against the environment, based upon the strength of the home team's stadium and crowd.- Interactive Timeouts: You're now given a choice on which group to coach, it can directly address ratings and composure levels depending on those of your team captains.  You can now "ice the kicker" with timeouts, as composure is an issue for all players.- Match-Up Stick:  Player ratings (in game) can now change based upon the individual's ability to handle pressure.  You can now check composure and mismatches pre-snap.- Custom fans:  Set up your own 'crazed' fans with a variety of options, accessories, appearances, etc.  To add to the college gameday atmosphere, and...- Custom celebrations:  Choose to play a mascot, fan or player animation, decide between mild and extreme.- More "user" stats:  User pick tracking was well received, now more stats are tracked in this form in your record book.DYNASTY MODE IMPROVEMENTS:- Roster expansion to 70 (according to the producer, although 75 has been reported elsewhere).  It's been down at 55 for years, which has been a source of frustration for those who enjoy dynasty mode.- Top 25 Stadiums tracking:  In dynasty mode, you can build home field advantage where there was little or none before, the top 25 places to play are tracked.- Team Captains:  As part of a deeply enhanced dynasty mode, you can now name captains.- Program integrity:  Dynasty depth - keep tabs on your players, you can now suffer academic issues and/or team rule violations.  You choose how to discipline, and you can now actually lose scholarships, television exposure, and post-season play if you don't run a clean program.  It also speaks to;- Player transfers:  You can now lose athletes to transfers if they're unhappy, and feel like they should be seeing the field more.  You can also have players from other programs request a transfer in if you're not deep at their position.- Recruiting pipelines:  You can now build your presence outside of your immediate geographic region.- Improved scouting:  You can now unlock prospect attributes without offering a scholarship first.- Better defined offensive/defensive coaching strategies:  Speaks to play-calling, simulation and recruiting.- Accurate conference schedule rotation.- Athletes:  You can now recruit a kid just for his athletic ability, and define or switch his position on the roster later.  If you have a QB who would make a better FS or WR, you can switch him, and he will progress according to his new position, not the old.- More/improved Sports Illustrated stories, magazine covers and insight throughout the season.- More trophies.  Added support for the Rimington and Doak Walker.  28 bowl trophies, 49 rivalry trophies.- All-Conference teams.  To supplement 1st and 2nd team All-American tracking.ONLINE PLAY IMPROVEMENTS:- Opponent scouting:  They've added a new scouting report that allows you to check any player's (online) tendencies. You can look at their favorite playbook and formation, as well as look at how much they no-huddle, call hot routes, and audible.  It's meant to try and cut down on the number of games wasted to opposition that cheats or otherwise plays in a manner you're not interested in.- Quick tournaments:  4 or 8 player tournaments built right into the online system.- Even team mode:  An option that will allow an even playing field, regardless of the `real world' strengths and weaknesses of two programs/teams.- Improved leaderboards.- Minigames.That's all I've come across so far, but it's a factual aggregation of information, all directly from the source.  Either Electronic Arts, and/or Rod Moye the producer via an interview on EASports.  None of this comes through third parties, or speculation.  Given that, this looks to be one of the biggest leaps forward this franchise has enjoyed in some time.  Particularly for Xbox fans as they finally get online play, but really for everyone.  But enough, I now return you to your regularly scheduled, "tHiS gAMe iz dA bOMb!" 'reviews'.
The NCAA Football franchise has suffered some lean years of late, especially last year's entry; when the "Infinity Engine" was announced for Madden NFL 13 to introduce physics to its gameplay--a feature NCAA Football 13 would be lacking--fans of college football were left waiting anxiously for this year's release.  With only months remaining before the start of a new console generation, NCAA Football 14 has sounded a triumphant cry to unofficially close the current console generation, delivering arguably the best iteration of the franchise since the launch of the PS3 and Xbox 360.It all begins with gameplay, which benefits from the implementation of "Infinity Engine 2," helping to create more unpredictable play results.  The game has also seen improvements in the Option run game--including the addition of new schemes and plays--and basic running controls where the left analog stick controls hard cuts and the right analog stick controls special moves.  The "Infinity Engine 2" also brings the Hit Stick and the Truck Stick back to prominence, while making the Stiff Arm a viable tool in the offensive arsenal again.Blocking has been improved as well, with new assignments and interactions between offensive and defensive linemen to freshen up the running experience. There are still instances of missed assignments and frustration, but the frequency of their occurrence is significantly less than previous games.Dynasty and Online Dynasty modes have seen new additions through the introduction of XP and Coach Skills.  Players in the mode earn XP by achieving goals in gameplay and recruiting, allowing them the ability to level up their coaches and unlock new Coach Skills.  Coach Skills are broken up into skills which affect the game on the field as well as skills which assist in recruiting.The tried-and-true (and tired) system of recruiting from previous versions of NCAA Football has been overhauled this year with Power Recruiting.  The system simplifies recruiting, eliminating the time-consuming "phone call" mechanic and streamlining menus to allow the same amount of depth in while allowing you to more quickly complete your recruiting responsibilities and get back to the game.Presentation has seen some upgrades as well, though not all will be fully embraced.  The unique "tradition" introductions to the games were judged to be over-long, and have been replaced by "music videos" which use highlights to lead into each game; people who liked seeing what makes each of the 126 schools on-disc unique might be disappointed with the loss of these pre-game sequences.  Less polarizing are the additions of new statistical overlays and a better-functioning "Living Clock" from the ESPN scorebug, which helps the NCAA Football 14 experience look and feel more like a broadcast.  The addition of a halftime show with highlights and commentary from Rece Davis and David Pollack also helps to spruce up presentation, though the in-game commentary from Brad Nessler and Kirk Herbstreit continues to feel old.The game introduces the popular EA SPORTS staple, Ultimate Team, through NCAA Football Ultimate Team.  It functions similarly to Ultimate Team from other EA SPORTS titles, though it uses cards for current and former NFL players representing their college years.  There's not much here to convince non-fans of Ultimate Team as a mode to commit to NFUT, but Ultimate Team fans will have something to keep them busier than in past years.There is also a "Play a Season" mode in NCAA Football 14 which strips away much of the newly-introduced XP, Coach Skills, and Power Recruiting and allows players to simply play through the 2013 season.  While it will surely have its target audience, it feels strange to introduce new features to the Dynasty experience and then offer a way to avoid using those new features.Fans of Road to Glory mode and last year's Heisman Challenge mode will be disappointed to find that not much has changed, though the gameplay experience benefits from the addition of the Infinity Engine 2.  The lack of improvement for the "single player" career modes is a weak point in the overall package, and fans will be desperate for news about these modes in NCAA Football 15.NCAA Football 14 is a vast improvement over what the franchise has offered in the past few years.  From a personal standpoint, it has given me significantly more enjoyment than any other version of the series released for current consoles.  Usually I have to work to stay committed to a Dynasty through a season, leaving me to spend my time in Play Now one-off games; I've already played an entire season in my Dynasty, and the gameplay revisions combined with XP and Coach Skills have me looking forward to many more seasons.  If NCAA Football 14 is the last version of the game that will be relevant on current consoles with the series making the jump to PS4 and Xbox One next summer, then at least the series will be going out with a BCS Bowl-worthy effort.
This game is Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2005 by EA Sports. It has many different options. It is much better then the other golf game i had Tiger Wooda PGA Tour 2002 (see my review). When you enter the main menu you have to pass three parts of a tutorial. Then you can start playing. You know how you could take advantage in early games and spin the ball directly to the hole? Well, early in the game, you go through tour difficulty and can't spin the ball any more. Gameface is back and better than ever. Golfers include Adam Scott, Tiger Woods, Sunday Tiger Woods, Ricky Barnes, Natlie Gulbis , # 1 golfer in the world Vijay singh, and Stuart Appleby. Courses include Couer D' Alene, Coloniel CC (the course where Annoka Sourenstam missed the cut at in a PGA Tour event), Pebble Beach, St. Andrews, and TPC at Sawgrass. Announcing includes Gary McCord. Also in this game are l;egens such as Arnold Palmer, Seve Balleseros, Gary Player, and Ben Hogan. This game is rated E for everyone. My favorite mode is matchplay, when you win a hole you can take away any of your opponent's clubs (except for the putter) or bring back one of your clubs that was taken away from you. Aother modes are stableford scoring system tournament, better ball  alternate shot, and four somes. Four problems though. There is no Phil Mickelson. No Ernie Els. No Whistling Straits (home of the 2004 U.S open). Finally, no president's cup. There is new Tiger Vision which during a round of golf when you reach the green, you get three looks at putts no matter where they are. This means you are garenteed to make the putt. Have fun and enjoy gaming.
This game is Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2005 by EA Sports. It has many different options. It is much better then the other golf game i had Tiger Wooda PGA Tour 2002 (see my review). When you enter the main menu you have to pass three parts of a tutorial. Then you can start playing. You know how you could take advantage in early games and spin the ball directly to the hole? Well, early in the game, you go through tour difficulty and can't spin the ball any more. Gameface is back and better than ever. Golfers include Adam Scott, Tiger Woods, Sunday Tiger Woods, Ricky Barnes, Natlie Gulbis , # 1 golfer in the world Vijay singh, and Stuart Appleby. Courses include Couer D' Alene, Coloniel CC (the course where Annoka Sourenstam missed the cut at in a PGA Tour event), Pebble Beach, St. Andrews, and TPC at Sawgrass. Announcing includes Gary McCord. Also in this game are l;egens such as Arnold Palmer, Seve Balleseros, Gary Player, and Ben Hogan. This game is rated E for everyone. My favorite mode is matchplay, when you win a hole you can take away any of your opponent's clubs (except for the putter) or bring back one of your clubs that was taken away from you. Aother modes are stableford scoring system tournament, better ball  alternate shot, and four somes. Four problems though. There is no Phil Mickelson. No Ernie Els. No Whistling Straits (home of the 2004 U.S open). Finally, no president's cup. There is new Tiger Vision which during a round of golf when you reach the green, you get three looks at putts no matter where they are. This means you are garenteed to make the putt. Have fun and enjoy gaming.
The GameNFL Street is seven-on-seven football where every player you pick for your team plays both offense and defense. On top of that, you can put any player at any position, enabling you to experiment with Warren Sapp at quarterback, Peyton Manning at nose tackle, Brian Urlacher at running back, and Peter Warrick at the corner.It's one of those games where football fans will be addicted after one score and the football haters will crossover when they see it because of the exciting gameplay that appeals to both sports and non-sports gamers alike ala classics like NBA Jam, NFL Blitz, and EA Big's other gem, NBA Street.As you play a game, it's not just about scoring points, it's about scoring points with style. The controls are simple as on offense you can lateral, hurdle, juke, or stiff arm, utilize your turbo to speed past defenses, and hit the showboat button to perform some of the most incredible taunts, high steps, and street moves imaginable, from dribbling the football along the ground like LeBron, to throwing passes behind your back, and even cannon-balling into the endzone. The more style you show, the more Gamebreaker points you accumulate.

Topic 7: great 0.03561 love 0.02739 bought 0.01222 awesome 0.01078 vita 0.0107 dont 0.00837 recommend 0.00777 psp 0.00762 loved 0.0057 son 0.00489
 How Many: 25962
PS Vita Travel PouchI bought the vita travel pouch right after I got my vita to help prevent scratches when I take my vita outside or on vacation. You open the pouch with a zipper revealing a piece of fabric in the middle. It divides the case into two sections. You put the vita in one side, I put the screen facing the fabric because it softer. On the other side are two mesh pockets for accessories. On the fabric that divides the case are four slots for vita game cards. The case also has a little hook which a strap can be attached too.The case is very durable and protects the vita perfectly.
This game is GREAT!!!!I LOOOOOOOOOVVVVVEEEEEE How you can play as Harry Ron and Hermione. Yes there is a few hard parts My sister had to get me passed but I only needed her help with one part! Which it was the dementor. And I LOVE the part when I fly Buckbeak. I'm already through the whole game and it's great cause when your through the game when you play it's not just fun it's great. Cause all the doors are unlocked and no more things to defeat. And fly Buckbeak 24\7! I just have to figure out how to turn his color back to gray. But I do like him orange. I call him Hallofeathers. Get It? Anyway it's a GREAT game. Each of the three of Harry Ron and Hermione have their own magical things. Harry can Jump and climb ropes. Hermione can walk on frozen ice. And Ron can throw dungbombs and stick petles. Ron only has three spells. Harry has 4 and Hermione has 5. It even once in a while let's you be Harry's owl Hedwig.GREAT GAME!!!AND FUN!!!
This game is GREAT!!!!I LOOOOOOOOOVVVVVEEEEEE How you can play as Harry Ron and Hermione. Yes there is a few hard parts My sister had to get me passed but I only needed her help with one part! Which it was the dementor. And I LOVE the part when I fly Buckbeak. I'm already through the whole game and it's great cause when your through the game when you play it's not just fun it's great. Cause all the doors are unlocked and no more things to defeat. And fly Buckbeak 24\7! I just have to figure out how to turn his color back to gray. But I do like him orange. I call him Hallofeathers. Get It? Anyway it's a GREAT game. Each of the three of Harry Ron and Hermione have their own magical things. Harry can Jump and climb ropes. Hermione can walk on frozen ice. And Ron can throw dungbombs and stick petles. Ron only has three spells. Harry has 4 and Hermione has 5. It even once in a while let's you be Harry's owl Hedwig.GREAT GAME!!!AND FUN!!!
the best gift to myself since arriving in afghanistan so many months ago. it definetely will keep me sane while out here in the desert! great buy. awesome delivery and awesome packaging. great seller! will definetley look forward to shopping more from this seller. this is superb!
I have known that this Syphon Filter line would definetely go on since I beat SF2... and the Syphon Filter series are the best games for PS in my opinion, with this AWESOME story and the right characters(I personally love Logan and his voice acting, even if he is limited to PS graphics) + awesome action and aiming features that are the best for PS action/shooter games. I could foresee the turn of events in SF2( Lian needs to get her Syphon Filter virus vaccine, so Gabe needs to get it from the agency labs and escape), but in the sequel I don't have any idea what is going to happen because Lian is no longer the test subject, and yeah... the agency is finished, so the only foes that are left is Mara Aramov and some old guy.This game should definetely be on your list. And if you don't own SF and SF2, consider to get them too.
I have known that this Syphon Filter line would definetely go on since I beat SF2... and the Syphon Filter series are the best games for PS in my opinion, with this AWESOME story and the right characters(I personally love Logan and his voice acting, even if he is limited to PS graphics) + awesome action and aiming features that are the best for PS action/shooter games. I could foresee the turn of events in SF2( Lian needs to get her Syphon Filter virus vaccine, so Gabe needs to get it from the agency labs and escape), but in the sequel I don't have any idea what is going to happen because Lian is no longer the test subject, and yeah... the agency is finished, so the only foes that are left is Mara Aramov and some old guy.This game should definetely be on your list. And if you don't own SF and SF2, consider to get them too.
Hi Everyone!I just recieved this as a early Easter gift from my hubby :)  {He bought thihs on Amazon,from a Amazon commited seller} I have been a Spyro fan since his 1st appearance years,years ago.I haven't played any of his games since,well,7-9 yrs? Naw,it may not be all that long,but it has been ages! My last Spyro game I played,was "Hero Tail" on ps2,it was my last game with Spyro,basically because I didn't like the way it turned in his series.Taking out the gem collecting I fell in love with,and side kicks ways as they taught him things,and MONEY BAGS,really bummed me out.As our children grew up,finished schooling,moved out,well,I pulled away from gaming~and just starting to rediscover gaming once again on gaming systems,and on my new laptop.So,when my hubby handed me several Easter wrapped packages-I was shocked~surprised to see this game,practically PRISTINE condition! I was doing kart wheels and sommersaults and whooping it up!!{ok,ok,ok..I was doing those in my head~if I attempted to do them now I'd be typing this from a hospital bed! heh heh heh}....So,after hugging and smothering my hubby to death,and making him his favorite snack{stack of pancakes buttered and smothered with warm Vermont Maple Syrup},I opened up the case,shaking hands,looked at the blue disc,extremely pleased it's flawless,I popped into gaming system....Boy,hearing old but familiar Spyro gaming sounds,watching it go through it's demos,it brought back memories of playing this when our children were home,and we ALL competed to see who got 100% 1st,and figured out any secrets per level! It all came back in a rush :) I actually called up our grown children,babbling like a mom who just got the greatest gift ever,my hubby actually had to take my cellphone,and reassure them all,I did NOT win the lottery drawing,but,instead,recieved an old friend as a early Easter gift.This is a great game from beginning to,well,I'd say end~but I'm still playing it :) The colors,sounds of this game,are fantastic! Playing him on a huge flat screen is even BETTER than the 1st time I played this game,on a old 19"rca color tv{it had no remote control,and was big bulky back that weighed a ton!}I noticed that I have slightly forgotten this game,and Spyro unique moves,but having a blast reenjoying an old forgotten friend.In fact,our children are already begging{2 even bribed dear old dad,in attempt to getting this game to play 1st,when I am done with it! the other one,tried to bribe me with a pogo game~very tempting let me tell you! heh heh heh heh....}.Whether your an old friend of Spyro,or a new friend discovering Spyro,you will love this game! It has a lot of action,and plenty of quests,and will keep you and your loved ones busy for weeks.Well,I have other early Easter gifts to open still,and a Spyro game to play...Happy Early Easter Greetings to you all :)P.S.~ I do advise setting game play time settings,as hours an hours,will go by before you realize it,and your hubby/wife will be in bed snoring away!! Also,have plenty of popcorn on hand-it goes great with this game,and makes a great bribe to a certain puppy{in my case a dauschund puppy},who thinks Spyro on tv is something to bark an chase after! :) :)
Hi Everyone!I just recieved this as a early Easter gift from my hubby :)  {He bought thihs on Amazon,from a Amazon commited seller} I have been a Spyro fan since his 1st appearance years,years ago.I haven't played any of his games since,well,7-9 yrs? Naw,it may not be all that long,but it has been ages! My last Spyro game I played,was "Hero Tail" on ps2,it was my last game with Spyro,basically because I didn't like the way it turned in his series.Taking out the gem collecting I fell in love with,and side kicks ways as they taught him things,and MONEY BAGS,really bummed me out.As our children grew up,finished schooling,moved out,well,I pulled away from gaming~and just starting to rediscover gaming once again on gaming systems,and on my new laptop.So,when my hubby handed me several Easter wrapped packages-I was shocked~surprised to see this game,practically PRISTINE condition! I was doing kart wheels and sommersaults and whooping it up!!{ok,ok,ok..I was doing those in my head~if I attempted to do them now I'd be typing this from a hospital bed! heh heh heh}....So,after hugging and smothering my hubby to death,and making him his favorite snack{stack of pancakes buttered and smothered with warm Vermont Maple Syrup},I opened up the case,shaking hands,looked at the blue disc,extremely pleased it's flawless,I popped into gaming system....Boy,hearing old but familiar Spyro gaming sounds,watching it go through it's demos,it brought back memories of playing this when our children were home,and we ALL competed to see who got 100% 1st,and figured out any secrets per level! It all came back in a rush :) I actually called up our grown children,babbling like a mom who just got the greatest gift ever,my hubby actually had to take my cellphone,and reassure them all,I did NOT win the lottery drawing,but,instead,recieved an old friend as a early Easter gift.This is a great game from beginning to,well,I'd say end~but I'm still playing it :) The colors,sounds of this game,are fantastic! Playing him on a huge flat screen is even BETTER than the 1st time I played this game,on a old 19"rca color tv{it had no remote control,and was big bulky back that weighed a ton!}I noticed that I have slightly forgotten this game,and Spyro unique moves,but having a blast reenjoying an old forgotten friend.In fact,our children are already begging{2 even bribed dear old dad,in attempt to getting this game to play 1st,when I am done with it! the other one,tried to bribe me with a pogo game~very tempting let me tell you! heh heh heh heh....}.Whether your an old friend of Spyro,or a new friend discovering Spyro,you will love this game! It has a lot of action,and plenty of quests,and will keep you and your loved ones busy for weeks.Well,I have other early Easter gifts to open still,and a Spyro game to play...Happy Early Easter Greetings to you all :)P.S.~ I do advise setting game play time settings,as hours an hours,will go by before you realize it,and your hubby/wife will be in bed snoring away!! Also,have plenty of popcorn on hand-it goes great with this game,and makes a great bribe to a certain puppy{in my case a dauschund puppy},who thinks Spyro on tv is something to bark an chase after! :) :)
i love this gift..i bought this for my son he loves it..make this a wonderful gift that he enjoys and can only bring back memories down the road. This product I recommend to any parent.
This case was a nice addition to store my PS Vita.  Until I received this I was just carrying it in the thin foam sleeve it was packaged in.  The pouch has two auxiliary pockets on the inside and an additional padded insert with some pockets fitted for game cartridges.  Everything seems to be good quality.  The only thing i wish it had was a specially designed pocket for the memory cards since they are very tiny i would worry keeping them in the larger auxiliary pockets.  I might be a minority since I have two memory cards(unit came with a 4GB and I got a 32GB for more storage) but it would have made this a definite 5 star.  With the PS Vita in the case it is snug fit but still room to maneuver the game card sleeve if needed.  This is a case to use if you just want to protect your unit when not in use.  You cannot play the Vita while it is in this case.

Topic 8: cars 0.01769 car 0.01485 racing 0.01448 race 0.00961 speed 0.00792 driving 0.00693 tracks 0.00583 drive 0.00569 races 0.00552 crash 0.00489
 How Many: 25962
I've been into videogames since Night Driver.  Grand Turismo 4 is the best racecar game in existence.  It is also the finest specimen of graphic achievement on the PlayStation 2.  The entire system works.  The game is meant for the most capable recent home video systems.  Put the game in, turn on the high def television, turn up the surround sound, and you'll be hooked from the moment you see the green light.The game has a complete sound system work-up, meaning Dolby Surround (II) audio.  The rear speakers activate when a car is behind you.  The ambient sound in the game is great.  You can completely control over four hours of music tracks.  You can also control the volume levels of the ambience, the engine noise, and the CD music.  The music has a complete variety including rock to rap, techno to classical.  You make the playlist.  You can make a seperate playlist for a photo show.The visuals are awesome.  The game runs in high def widescreen at  1080-interlaced, plain anamorphic widescreen, or the NTSC 4:3.  This is a beautiful game.  The in-game menu has picture adjustment controls to get the right look for each viewer's video rig including contrast, brightness, and more, and you can multiply that by two because there are two full sets of controls, one for while driving and another one for the replay.  The landscapes of the raceway circuits in this game will have you gaping in awe.  You get the sensation of speed by the high frame rate and the landscape model artwork.This is the best Grand Turismo ever.  This game puts the entire race spectrum, of all backgrounds, into the pot and layers music to it, and that's in the metaphoric sense of music.  You can prefer Formula, LeMans, Rally, Indy Cart, or NASCAR.  You can prefer trucks, SUVs, old V8s, stationwagons, 2-seater spyders, or cars less than 3400mm in length.  You can prefer superchargers, turbos, or naturally-aspirated vehicles.  You can prefer hardtops, softtops, no tops or moon roofs.  You can prefer 2-doors, 3-doors, 4-doors, or 5-doors.  You can prefer 4, 6, 8, or 12 cylinders.  You can prefer 3 speeds, 4 speeds, 5 speeds, 6 speeds, or 1-speeds.  You can prefer extra soft tires, extra hard tires, stock tires, sport tires, race tires, dirt tires, or snow tires.  You can prefer rear-engine, mid-engine, or front-engine.  You can prefer front-wheel drive, rear-wheel drive, or all-wheel drive. You can prefer gasoline engines, diesel engines, electric engines, or engines by hand crank.  You can prefer a circuit that has 30-second laps or 10-minute laps.  You can prefer oval tracks, mountainous tracks, forest tracks, city tracks, or circuit tracks.  You can prefer tracks that really exist or tracks that do not exist, daytime or nighttime, and from a pace car or from a starting grid.  You can prefer tarmac tracks, stone tracks, dirt tracks, or snow tracks.  You can drive an autobahn in Germany, or let your team drive.  You can prefer stock cars, race cars, touring cars, rally cars, or street cars.  You can prefer American cars, British cars, German cars, Swedish cars, French cars, Italian cars, Australian cars, Belgian cars, or Japanese cars.This game truly has everything, and you get to manage a pit crew.GT4 is the best Turismo game because it perfects its gaming system and neglects any slight flaw of previous Turismos.  The ONLY part I missed was Turismo 3's masterful introduction video microscopically touring the inside of an engine to Lenny Kravitz rock music, because it amazes me every time, whereas GT4's intro vid rather promotes it's new photo gimmick: I like the gimmick, but the vid's not as artistic as GT3, even if the Van Halen song's nice.  I have only one recommendation: I like having lap records and track records that state the driver, the car, and the record time, which was best done in the first Turismo.One more thing, the graphics are done so well, I can tell that each vehicle has a different camera perspective in its distance from the ground.  For instance, when driving in an SUV, your seated position should be much higher than, let's say, a Formula 1 Ferarri; and in this game, each car's "ride height" is different.  I read a negative comment the person can't judge distance very well in this game.  (He owns an X-Box.)  I sympathize because I have the same trouble; BUT, from a real F1 Ferarri, the driver sits so close to the ground and drives so fast, it's impossible not to have to use landmarks!  NO ONE CAN SEE A TURN WHOSE EYE-LEVEL IS ABOUT 2 FEET OFF THE GROUND.  This is one of the smarter features GT4 provides.  GT4 has, to me, a very credible sense of speed!
I've been into videogames since Night Driver.  Grand Turismo 4 is the best racecar game in existence.  It is also the finest specimen of graphic achievement on the PlayStation 2.  The entire system works.  The game is meant for the most capable recent home video systems.  Put the game in, turn on the high def television, turn up the surround sound, and you'll be hooked from the moment you see the green light.The game has a complete sound system work-up, meaning Dolby Surround (II) audio.  The rear speakers activate when a car is behind you.  The ambient sound in the game is great.  You can completely control over four hours of music tracks.  You can also control the volume levels of the ambience, the engine noise, and the CD music.  The music has a complete variety including rock to rap, techno to classical.  You make the playlist.  You can make a seperate playlist for a photo show.The visuals are awesome.  The game runs in high def widescreen at  1080-interlaced, plain anamorphic widescreen, or the NTSC 4:3.  This is a beautiful game.  The in-game menu has picture adjustment controls to get the right look for each viewer's video rig including contrast, brightness, and more, and you can multiply that by two because there are two full sets of controls, one for while driving and another one for the replay.  The landscapes of the raceway circuits in this game will have you gaping in awe.  You get the sensation of speed by the high frame rate and the landscape model artwork.This is the best Grand Turismo ever.  This game puts the entire race spectrum, of all backgrounds, into the pot and layers music to it, and that's in the metaphoric sense of music.  You can prefer Formula, LeMans, Rally, Indy Cart, or NASCAR.  You can prefer trucks, SUVs, old V8s, stationwagons, 2-seater spyders, or cars less than 3400mm in length.  You can prefer superchargers, turbos, or naturally-aspirated vehicles.  You can prefer hardtops, softtops, no tops or moon roofs.  You can prefer 2-doors, 3-doors, 4-doors, or 5-doors.  You can prefer 4, 6, 8, or 12 cylinders.  You can prefer 3 speeds, 4 speeds, 5 speeds, 6 speeds, or 1-speeds.  You can prefer extra soft tires, extra hard tires, stock tires, sport tires, race tires, dirt tires, or snow tires.  You can prefer rear-engine, mid-engine, or front-engine.  You can prefer front-wheel drive, rear-wheel drive, or all-wheel drive. You can prefer gasoline engines, diesel engines, electric engines, or engines by hand crank.  You can prefer a circuit that has 30-second laps or 10-minute laps.  You can prefer oval tracks, mountainous tracks, forest tracks, city tracks, or circuit tracks.  You can prefer tracks that really exist or tracks that do not exist, daytime or nighttime, and from a pace car or from a starting grid.  You can prefer tarmac tracks, stone tracks, dirt tracks, or snow tracks.  You can drive an autobahn in Germany, or let your team drive.  You can prefer stock cars, race cars, touring cars, rally cars, or street cars.  You can prefer American cars, British cars, German cars, Swedish cars, French cars, Italian cars, Australian cars, Belgian cars, or Japanese cars.This game truly has everything, and you get to manage a pit crew.GT4 is the best Turismo game because it perfects its gaming system and neglects any slight flaw of previous Turismos.  The ONLY part I missed was Turismo 3's masterful introduction video microscopically touring the inside of an engine to Lenny Kravitz rock music, because it amazes me every time, whereas GT4's intro vid rather promotes it's new photo gimmick: I like the gimmick, but the vid's not as artistic as GT3, even if the Van Halen song's nice.  I have only one recommendation: I like having lap records and track records that state the driver, the car, and the record time, which was best done in the first Turismo.One more thing, the graphics are done so well, I can tell that each vehicle has a different camera perspective in its distance from the ground.  For instance, when driving in an SUV, your seated position should be much higher than, let's say, a Formula 1 Ferarri; and in this game, each car's "ride height" is different.  I read a negative comment the person can't judge distance very well in this game.  (He owns an X-Box.)  I sympathize because I have the same trouble; BUT, from a real F1 Ferarri, the driver sits so close to the ground and drives so fast, it's impossible not to have to use landmarks!  NO ONE CAN SEE A TURN WHOSE EYE-LEVEL IS ABOUT 2 FEET OFF THE GROUND.  This is one of the smarter features GT4 provides.  GT4 has, to me, a very credible sense of speed!
Let me get one thing out in the open:  I am a huge fan of Acclaim's Burnout series.  The intense racing, blazing sense of speed, nerve-wracking crashes, and traffic-weaving are all amazing, and (I thought) unmatched among arcade racers.Enter Need For Speed: Hot Pursuit 2.EA's cop chaser came out about the time of Burnout 2: Point of Impact, which meant I was having such a blast with Burnout that I completely ignored NFS.  But I kept hearing about how cool NFS was, so I gave it a rent, after exhausting Burnout, and was shocked out of my socks by the result:  I think NFS: HP2 is a superior game, all things considered.I will admit that Burnout 2 looks better, runs faster, and has a certain European style that I find highly appealing - not to mention the immortal Crash Mode.  Hot Pursuit 2 might not have the technical advantages of Burnout, but what it lacks in style, it more than makes up for with substance.First off, having licensed cars DOES make a difference.  Blasting round a curve in a Ferrari is miles more sexy than speeding through the streets in a Sports Car.  And what licenses:  Porsche, Lambroghini, Aston Martin, Jaguar, BMW, Corvette!  All modeled accurately, and gorgeously - there are over forty cars in all.NFS's gameplay has more depth as well.  While Burnout can seem at times like a tech demo for its superlative crash physics, NFS concentrates strictly on the racing.  The well-rendered courses are long, with single laps lasting three minutes, and riddled with shortcuts that can make or break the race.  Should I risk taking the narrow back road through the canyon and possibly nab first place, or play it safe and hope the other guys screw up?  EA deserves a big hand for producing some of the most devious clever track designs you're likely to see.You have a wealth of options to customize the races as well.  All the cars have two different settings for handling:  Classic (i.e. safe) or Extreme (for the powerslide freaks).  You can race with commuter traffic on or off, car damage on or off, lap number, controller configuration, AI difficulty, weather conditions, camera views, HUD, car color.....I hope you're getting the picture.  You can even adjust the licensed in-game soundtrack to play instrumentals only.  Not since the Dreamcast's beloved Metropolis Street Racer has an arcade racer had so many options.There are several race modes as well, which break down roughly into two categories:  Hot Pursuit (i.e. the cops are lurking) and World Racing (no cops).  Each mode has a 30+ race bracket with individual challenges, which get progressively tougher.  The races also range from timed runs to GPs to some where you drive as the police themselves, chasing down reckless speeders under a strict time limit.  Whereas Burnout can be beaten within a rental period, it'll take quite a while to unlock everything in HP2.  And the variety, constant unlocked items, and non-linear branching gameplay ensures that it never gets repetitive.While World Racing is noteworthy in its own right, Hot Pursuit is where the gloves come off.  As you & your opponents (or a friend) barrel along the twisting roads, the police are waiting.  You've got a radar detector that lets you know when you're targeted, as well as a scanner that contains some brilliant cop commentary:  "27 to Central, I'm tracking a green Lotus Elisse that's doing 100+ and driving on the shoulder.  Let's test his air bags."  Ha ha - just try it.  Elude the black & whites for a while, and they might call for a roadblock.  Or a spike strip.  Or a bomb-dropping helicopter.  Yeah, it's all over-the-top, but oh man, what a rush:  four cops on your tail, weaving around commuter traffic, dodging bombs from above, all while hanging onto first place by the skin of your teeth.  Even the most traffic-choked Burnout streets didn't get this insane.  Then you hear that police cruiser smash into a wall, and your scanner says:  "27 to Dispatch - my cruiser is out of commission.  Am unable to continue pursuit.  Over."  Awwww yeah!Did I mention you can play as the cop and chase down your friends......even calling in the chopper and roadblocks to stop them?  And that you can unlock Corvette and Murcielago versions of a police cruiser?  Let the trash-talking begin.My intent is not to bash Burnout 2 at all - it's a definite keeper based on the amazing graphics and Crash Mode - but as far as pure pulse-pounding intense arcade racing action, I've never played anything as fun and insane as Need For Speed: Hot Pursuit 2.  Toss sim racing out the window and smash down the accelerator - this game'll give you whiplash!
Let me get one thing out in the open:  I am a huge fan of Acclaim's Burnout series.  The intense racing, blazing sense of speed, nerve-wracking crashes, and traffic-weaving are all amazing, and (I thought) unmatched among arcade racers.Enter Need For Speed: Hot Pursuit 2.EA's cop chaser came out about the time of Burnout 2: Point of Impact, which meant I was having such a blast with Burnout that I completely ignored NFS.  But I kept hearing about how cool NFS was, so I gave it a rent, after exhausting Burnout, and was shocked out of my socks by the result:  I think NFS: HP2 is a superior game, all things considered.I will admit that Burnout 2 looks better, runs faster, and has a certain European style that I find highly appealing - not to mention the immortal Crash Mode.  Hot Pursuit 2 might not have the technical advantages of Burnout, but what it lacks in style, it more than makes up for with substance.First off, having licensed cars DOES make a difference.  Blasting round a curve in a Ferrari is miles more sexy than speeding through the streets in a Sports Car.  And what licenses:  Porsche, Lambroghini, Aston Martin, Jaguar, BMW, Corvette!  All modeled accurately, and gorgeously - there are over forty cars in all.NFS's gameplay has more depth as well.  While Burnout can seem at times like a tech demo for its superlative crash physics, NFS concentrates strictly on the racing.  The well-rendered courses are long, with single laps lasting three minutes, and riddled with shortcuts that can make or break the race.  Should I risk taking the narrow back road through the canyon and possibly nab first place, or play it safe and hope the other guys screw up?  EA deserves a big hand for producing some of the most devious clever track designs you're likely to see.You have a wealth of options to customize the races as well.  All the cars have two different settings for handling:  Classic (i.e. safe) or Extreme (for the powerslide freaks).  You can race with commuter traffic on or off, car damage on or off, lap number, controller configuration, AI difficulty, weather conditions, camera views, HUD, car color.....I hope you're getting the picture.  You can even adjust the licensed in-game soundtrack to play instrumentals only.  Not since the Dreamcast's beloved Metropolis Street Racer has an arcade racer had so many options.There are several race modes as well, which break down roughly into two categories:  Hot Pursuit (i.e. the cops are lurking) and World Racing (no cops).  Each mode has a 30+ race bracket with individual challenges, which get progressively tougher.  The races also range from timed runs to GPs to some where you drive as the police themselves, chasing down reckless speeders under a strict time limit.  Whereas Burnout can be beaten within a rental period, it'll take quite a while to unlock everything in HP2.  And the variety, constant unlocked items, and non-linear branching gameplay ensures that it never gets repetitive.While World Racing is noteworthy in its own right, Hot Pursuit is where the gloves come off.  As you & your opponents (or a friend) barrel along the twisting roads, the police are waiting.  You've got a radar detector that lets you know when you're targeted, as well as a scanner that contains some brilliant cop commentary:  "27 to Central, I'm tracking a green Lotus Elisse that's doing 100+ and driving on the shoulder.  Let's test his air bags."  Ha ha - just try it.  Elude the black & whites for a while, and they might call for a roadblock.  Or a spike strip.  Or a bomb-dropping helicopter.  Yeah, it's all over-the-top, but oh man, what a rush:  four cops on your tail, weaving around commuter traffic, dodging bombs from above, all while hanging onto first place by the skin of your teeth.  Even the most traffic-choked Burnout streets didn't get this insane.  Then you hear that police cruiser smash into a wall, and your scanner says:  "27 to Dispatch - my cruiser is out of commission.  Am unable to continue pursuit.  Over."  Awwww yeah!Did I mention you can play as the cop and chase down your friends......even calling in the chopper and roadblocks to stop them?  And that you can unlock Corvette and Murcielago versions of a police cruiser?  Let the trash-talking begin.My intent is not to bash Burnout 2 at all - it's a definite keeper based on the amazing graphics and Crash Mode - but as far as pure pulse-pounding intense arcade racing action, I've never played anything as fun and insane as Need For Speed: Hot Pursuit 2.  Toss sim racing out the window and smash down the accelerator - this game'll give you whiplash!
Need For Speed Underground 2 is a game where you drive and compete with advance racers. Based on the sequal of the first Underground game, the storyline was O.K. All it talks about is you trying to be the best racer and to earn reputation so people out the can give you respect in the streets of underground. Major changes in the underground 2 made this game a bit better than the first need for speed undergound game. First of all underground 2 made maps and a free roam/explore place for you to roam around the streets of underground to to compete some drivers around. More cars now available to drive and customize. graphics from this game make me think thats its a little better than the first underground game. I rate this game a 4 out of 5Some technical features of this game from the need for speed website:Key Features- Free-Roaming City: Explore a massive city divided into five distinct, interconnected neighborhoods, ranging from serpentine suburban hills to an intense downtown grid. A complex series of drivable freeways connect the neighborhoods together.- Emergent Gameplay: Want to make a name for yourself in the underground? You'll need to find it first. Races can happen anywhere and at any time and as players encounter rivals on the street they'll be clued into where they can buy the hottest upgrades or enter the most elite events.- New Gameplay Modes: Three new gameplay modes are added to last year's circuit, drift and drag competitions, challenging gamers to hone their skills in a number of driving disciplines.- Performance Tuning: Tune every aspect of your car's performance with hundreds of licensed aftermarket performance upgrades and then fine-tune everything from the gear ratio to the suspension for the ultimate ride.- The Hottest Cars: More than thirty of the most sought-after tuner cars are available from the hottest manufacturers--from Mitsubishi Motors, Nissan, and Toyota to Ford and Volkswagen, if they're hot on the street, they're in the game.- Visual Customization: With more than twice the visual customizations of last year's game, there are literally billions of car combinations available to gamers. Featuring audio upgrades, scissor doors, spoilers, headlights, side skirts, roof scoops, hoods, rims, wide body kits, neon and more, if you can trick it out in real life, you can trick it out in Need for Speed Underground 2.- Environmental Variety: Each of the five distinct neighborhoods in Need for Speed Underground 2 feature a unique look and feel, including varied driving conditions and track types. Road surfaces, real-time weather effects, and environmental hazards will keep gamers on their toes as they race from dusk till dawn.- Online: Gamers can put their reputation on the line, challenging the world's best racers online for the PlayStation2 computer entertainment system.
Need For Speed Underground 2 is a game where you drive and compete with advance racers. Based on the sequal of the first Underground game, the storyline was O.K. All it talks about is you trying to be the best racer and to earn reputation so people out the can give you respect in the streets of underground. Major changes in the underground 2 made this game a bit better than the first need for speed undergound game. First of all underground 2 made maps and a free roam/explore place for you to roam around the streets of underground to to compete some drivers around. More cars now available to drive and customize. graphics from this game make me think thats its a little better than the first underground game. I rate this game a 4 out of 5Some technical features of this game from the need for speed website:Key Features- Free-Roaming City: Explore a massive city divided into five distinct, interconnected neighborhoods, ranging from serpentine suburban hills to an intense downtown grid. A complex series of drivable freeways connect the neighborhoods together.- Emergent Gameplay: Want to make a name for yourself in the underground? You'll need to find it first. Races can happen anywhere and at any time and as players encounter rivals on the street they'll be clued into where they can buy the hottest upgrades or enter the most elite events.- New Gameplay Modes: Three new gameplay modes are added to last year's circuit, drift and drag competitions, challenging gamers to hone their skills in a number of driving disciplines.- Performance Tuning: Tune every aspect of your car's performance with hundreds of licensed aftermarket performance upgrades and then fine-tune everything from the gear ratio to the suspension for the ultimate ride.- The Hottest Cars: More than thirty of the most sought-after tuner cars are available from the hottest manufacturers--from Mitsubishi Motors, Nissan, and Toyota to Ford and Volkswagen, if they're hot on the street, they're in the game.- Visual Customization: With more than twice the visual customizations of last year's game, there are literally billions of car combinations available to gamers. Featuring audio upgrades, scissor doors, spoilers, headlights, side skirts, roof scoops, hoods, rims, wide body kits, neon and more, if you can trick it out in real life, you can trick it out in Need for Speed Underground 2.- Environmental Variety: Each of the five distinct neighborhoods in Need for Speed Underground 2 feature a unique look and feel, including varied driving conditions and track types. Road surfaces, real-time weather effects, and environmental hazards will keep gamers on their toes as they race from dusk till dawn.- Online: Gamers can put their reputation on the line, challenging the world's best racers online for the PlayStation2 computer entertainment system.
Burnout 3 is the best arcade racer I have ever played, and quite possibly, the best 'traditional' racer likewise.With realistic racing sims flooding the video game market (Gran Turismo, Forza Motorsport) it is nice to see a racing game this simple, and this accessible.  This game is about fast cars, and brain-rattling car crashes.Burnout 3's racing is very straight forward, and rewards you for driving dangerously.  Racing towards oncoming traffic, narrowly avoiding traffic (think Crazy Taxi) and drifting around corners gives you boost, which you can use to increase your speed even further (emphasized by a nice blur effect).  But driving aggressively and taking out your opponents is also rewarded: knock them into the side of the track or oncoming traffic, take them out, and your boost bar wil increase in size and fill up completely.  Crash again, and your boost bar decreases, bringing a nice balance to the gameplay.The racing is ridiculously fast, and drifting around corners and weaving through traffic is addicting.  Better still, it's made more intense by a huge sense of danger...  one crash could lose you the race.The crashes, as in past Burnout games, are out of control.  The cartoony graphics don't make them any less horrifying.  That's the series' claim to fame, and it shows.  Glass shatters, metal crumples, tires fly, cars roll out of control, grinding against pavement, smashing into anything in their path...  It's something to see.Best yet, it isn't just a racer.  In World Tour mode, you'll see all kinds of events (many that you can play on their own any time you want.)  These run from time trials, to Eliminator races (last car to pass the finish line each lap is eliminated until only one is left), road rage (see how many Takedowns you can achieve against three opponents until either the time runs out or your car is destroyed) to Crash mode.Crash mode is where the debris really flies.  Pick a car and barrel towards a busy intersection (with one hundred to unlock and choose from) and see how much destruction you can cause.  Once enough cars block the streets its almost disturbing watching the speeding traffic barrel into the pile-up.  Once a certain number of crashes have occurred, use the Crashbreaker, which causes your car to explode, causing more chaos, and allowing you to steer what remains of your car in slow motion towards power ups and money multipliers.Best of all, this game has a wealth of unlockables.  It keeps track of points you earn for driving well in races, monetary damage caused during crashes, takedowns achieved, and rewards you with cars, new courses, etc. for reaching certain goals.  This not only gives you great incentive to go back and play some more, it is a satisfying way to work for unlockables.This game, especially at its new lower price point, is highly recommended.
Burnout 3 is the best arcade racer I have ever played, and quite possibly, the best 'traditional' racer likewise.With realistic racing sims flooding the video game market (Gran Turismo, Forza Motorsport) it is nice to see a racing game this simple, and this accessible.  This game is about fast cars, and brain-rattling car crashes.Burnout 3's racing is very straight forward, and rewards you for driving dangerously.  Racing towards oncoming traffic, narrowly avoiding traffic (think Crazy Taxi) and drifting around corners gives you boost, which you can use to increase your speed even further (emphasized by a nice blur effect).  But driving aggressively and taking out your opponents is also rewarded: knock them into the side of the track or oncoming traffic, take them out, and your boost bar wil increase in size and fill up completely.  Crash again, and your boost bar decreases, bringing a nice balance to the gameplay.The racing is ridiculously fast, and drifting around corners and weaving through traffic is addicting.  Better still, it's made more intense by a huge sense of danger...  one crash could lose you the race.The crashes, as in past Burnout games, are out of control.  The cartoony graphics don't make them any less horrifying.  That's the series' claim to fame, and it shows.  Glass shatters, metal crumples, tires fly, cars roll out of control, grinding against pavement, smashing into anything in their path...  It's something to see.Best yet, it isn't just a racer.  In World Tour mode, you'll see all kinds of events (many that you can play on their own any time you want.)  These run from time trials, to Eliminator races (last car to pass the finish line each lap is eliminated until only one is left), road rage (see how many Takedowns you can achieve against three opponents until either the time runs out or your car is destroyed) to Crash mode.Crash mode is where the debris really flies.  Pick a car and barrel towards a busy intersection (with one hundred to unlock and choose from) and see how much destruction you can cause.  Once enough cars block the streets its almost disturbing watching the speeding traffic barrel into the pile-up.  Once a certain number of crashes have occurred, use the Crashbreaker, which causes your car to explode, causing more chaos, and allowing you to steer what remains of your car in slow motion towards power ups and money multipliers.Best of all, this game has a wealth of unlockables.  It keeps track of points you earn for driving well in races, monetary damage caused during crashes, takedowns achieved, and rewards you with cars, new courses, etc. for reaching certain goals.  This not only gives you great incentive to go back and play some more, it is a satisfying way to work for unlockables.This game, especially at its new lower price point, is highly recommended.
This is a must-try game.NFSHP2 is for the ELITE video game driving simulator fans... the ones who cut their teeth playing video games using nothing but a keyboard since the start! I remember playing NFS1, NFS2, NFS2 SE, NFS3 Hot Pursuit, NFS4 High Stakes, Porsche Unleashed, Viper Racing, and a myriad of other driving simulators using just my keyboard and ranking in the top all the time.I thought I should mention this because a lot people whine about simulators that do not work well with their overpriced accessories like force feedback steering wheels, pedals, etc... which BTW do not feel even remotely like real steering wheels, pedals, etc... I walked into CompUSA and tried all the high end toys like the top of the line FF wheels, etc... and they may be fine for kiddies who want to play driving games, but in real life the steering feel isn't even remotely the same as a force feedback wheel. You have about 4 full turns from lock to lock. Most FF wheels are what, 1/2 turn from lock to lock?Also the pedals don't feel right most of the time. The vacuum brake booster combined with the hydraulic proportioning valve on the brake lines gives the pedal a firm but slightly "soft" feeling and allows for easy modulation. The throttle also has some resistance in the cable.Back to the game:Need for Speed HP2 plays very much like Need for Speed High Stakes style graphics and gameplay mixed with the Porsche Unleashed physics - just a bit more arcadish. I always felt Porsche Unleashed was one of the more realistic driving simulators... especially when piloting that GT-1 in turns, you could feel the in-game steering jump/turn with the road surface but after awhile it gets frustrating.Need for Speed High Stakes has always been my favorite NFS game since it allowed easy access to modifying the cars - you could easily get McLaren F1's as police cars chasing after you. You would no longer get away from a Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptor or a Chevrolet Caprice in your McLaren F1. Now you'd have a Police McLaren going wide open on your six!I started modifying the cars in the game and there are LOTS of options for doing so - so long as you know the terminology.Check out the car.ini files for each of the cars and you'll see what I mean. I can give cars AWD, FWD, or an open differential in the back... driving a peg-leg RWD car has never been more fun or hectic!!! Try out a modified Crown Vic with driving wheel = 2 (passenger rear tire only) and you'll know what it feels like driving in the snow with an open differential on a 99-up Crown Vic. Not exactly fun on slippery roads.The cars have unique engine sounds (i.e. the Cobra R has a distinct V8 growl at wide open, while the 4-bangers sound like 4-bangers) and the physics are extremely similar to Need for Speed Porsche Unleashed only it's more arcadish than a pure simulation, and in my opinion, this increases the fun factor. If I wanted a real, and I mean REAL driving simulator, I would just log some time on a real race track.Pros: Fun Factor is increased with the slightly more arcadish driving physics, but it's not unlike Porsche Unleashed. Spin outs aren't as easy to get out of as they were in NFS: High Stakes. Lots of cars to choose from, with unique engine sounds. Fun to play with using a standard keyboard. Games that REQUIRE steering wheels and pedals may be ultra realistic but they totally detract from the FUN FACTOR.Cons: Not extremely realistic - for those who want realism, go with NASCAR Season 2003 w/ a steering wheel + pedals.Note: I felt the music wasn't the BEST but it's music that I'd want on the radio while driving. I hate it when I'm at the race track and the radio is playing soft jazz or classical music.After extended playing of this game, I found that there were indeed only 4 tracks being recycled over and over again, and that there's no weather changing or night driving. These are a big oversight, BUT IMHO the game makes up for these with a better editing system. I can go into the ini files for each car and modify the sway bars, tire sizes, wheel diameters, brake material and rotor size, etc... and it'd have a big effect on handling!I.e. after setting up my Z8 for a tendency to have a bit more oversteer, I was zipping through S-curves like it was a rally race and I was doing MUCH better against the police. I was more in control and could PIT the cop cars, forcing them to stop chasing me. All I did was modify the tire sizes, brake rotor sizes, and cut some weight from the car (about 100-125 lb ala weight reduction kits).The game dropped in price to the lowest it will go before it'll be discontinued. Go out and try this game. But beware, if you hated Need for Speed Hot Pursuit and High Stakes, chances are you will not like HP2. If you loved Porsche Unleashed and NASCAR Racing Season 2002 and 2003, chances are you may not like HP2 if you're a realism-nut.
This is a must-try game.NFSHP2 is for the ELITE video game driving simulator fans... the ones who cut their teeth playing video games using nothing but a keyboard since the start! I remember playing NFS1, NFS2, NFS2 SE, NFS3 Hot Pursuit, NFS4 High Stakes, Porsche Unleashed, Viper Racing, and a myriad of other driving simulators using just my keyboard and ranking in the top all the time.I thought I should mention this because a lot people whine about simulators that do not work well with their overpriced accessories like force feedback steering wheels, pedals, etc... which BTW do not feel even remotely like real steering wheels, pedals, etc... I walked into CompUSA and tried all the high end toys like the top of the line FF wheels, etc... and they may be fine for kiddies who want to play driving games, but in real life the steering feel isn't even remotely the same as a force feedback wheel. You have about 4 full turns from lock to lock. Most FF wheels are what, 1/2 turn from lock to lock?Also the pedals don't feel right most of the time. The vacuum brake booster combined with the hydraulic proportioning valve on the brake lines gives the pedal a firm but slightly "soft" feeling and allows for easy modulation. The throttle also has some resistance in the cable.Back to the game:Need for Speed HP2 plays very much like Need for Speed High Stakes style graphics and gameplay mixed with the Porsche Unleashed physics - just a bit more arcadish. I always felt Porsche Unleashed was one of the more realistic driving simulators... especially when piloting that GT-1 in turns, you could feel the in-game steering jump/turn with the road surface but after awhile it gets frustrating.Need for Speed High Stakes has always been my favorite NFS game since it allowed easy access to modifying the cars - you could easily get McLaren F1's as police cars chasing after you. You would no longer get away from a Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptor or a Chevrolet Caprice in your McLaren F1. Now you'd have a Police McLaren going wide open on your six!I started modifying the cars in the game and there are LOTS of options for doing so - so long as you know the terminology.Check out the car.ini files for each of the cars and you'll see what I mean. I can give cars AWD, FWD, or an open differential in the back... driving a peg-leg RWD car has never been more fun or hectic!!! Try out a modified Crown Vic with driving wheel = 2 (passenger rear tire only) and you'll know what it feels like driving in the snow with an open differential on a 99-up Crown Vic. Not exactly fun on slippery roads.The cars have unique engine sounds (i.e. the Cobra R has a distinct V8 growl at wide open, while the 4-bangers sound like 4-bangers) and the physics are extremely similar to Need for Speed Porsche Unleashed only it's more arcadish than a pure simulation, and in my opinion, this increases the fun factor. If I wanted a real, and I mean REAL driving simulator, I would just log some time on a real race track.Pros: Fun Factor is increased with the slightly more arcadish driving physics, but it's not unlike Porsche Unleashed. Spin outs aren't as easy to get out of as they were in NFS: High Stakes. Lots of cars to choose from, with unique engine sounds. Fun to play with using a standard keyboard. Games that REQUIRE steering wheels and pedals may be ultra realistic but they totally detract from the FUN FACTOR.Cons: Not extremely realistic - for those who want realism, go with NASCAR Season 2003 w/ a steering wheel + pedals.Note: I felt the music wasn't the BEST but it's music that I'd want on the radio while driving. I hate it when I'm at the race track and the radio is playing soft jazz or classical music.After extended playing of this game, I found that there were indeed only 4 tracks being recycled over and over again, and that there's no weather changing or night driving. These are a big oversight, BUT IMHO the game makes up for these with a better editing system. I can go into the ini files for each car and modify the sway bars, tire sizes, wheel diameters, brake material and rotor size, etc... and it'd have a big effect on handling!I.e. after setting up my Z8 for a tendency to have a bit more oversteer, I was zipping through S-curves like it was a rally race and I was doing MUCH better against the police. I was more in control and could PIT the cop cars, forcing them to stop chasing me. All I did was modify the tire sizes, brake rotor sizes, and cut some weight from the car (about 100-125 lb ala weight reduction kits).The game dropped in price to the lowest it will go before it'll be discontinued. Go out and try this game. But beware, if you hated Need for Speed Hot Pursuit and High Stakes, chances are you will not like HP2. If you loved Porsche Unleashed and NASCAR Racing Season 2002 and 2003, chances are you may not like HP2 if you're a realism-nut.

Topic 9: sims 0.02232 new 0.01708 quot 0.01059 expansion 0.00843 sim 0.00824 pack 0.00646 buy 0.00514 make 0.00488 like 0.00487 city 0.00461
 How Many: 25962
Sim-ers have always wanted pets. The additions of fish and hamsters were rather unsatisfying (and sometimes lethal) additions. This new expansion packs will allow your sims to have dogs, cats, parrots, turtles and lizards as well.Lots of new social interactions have been added, althought the Sims website has not been specific as to what those are. Your neighborhoods are bigger - 30 lots each which you can zone for commerical or residential use.  Also there are new homes, new parks, a new cafe, new shops and a farmer's market! Your new dog or cat can be brought to these locales and used to interact with your sim neighbors.  Just like in Downtown, time freezes when you're in the community sections.Each neighborhood will include a pet store, where you can choose from 12 different cats (e.g., black cat and siamese cat), 12 different dogs (e.g., dalmatians, beagles, french bulldogs, spaniels, rotweillers, labs, greyhounds, german shepherds to name a few), 2 different birds (lovebirds and parakeets), or buy a turtle, lizard or fish.  The Maxis folks haven't forgotten any of the details of pets, if you buy a male and a female of the same species, they just might have babies, dogs and cats (and dog and cat people) might not get along, and Kitty might take a liking to your bird or fishBeware - your doggies and kitties (but not the other animals) need to be trained and cared for so they don't go to the bathroom in the house or rip us the trash.  Don't worry - Maxis is kind enough to provide a dog trainer if you're feeling lazy. But, your pets are just like a member of your family - they will have needs and skills which can be acquired (through positive and negative reinforcement). Just like people, you have to develop a relationship with them.  And just like your people, they can die of neglect, so be careful!  Dogs and cats will also misbehave and get grumpy if you don't take care of them.  Dogs and cats can also be entered in pet shows with prizes for obedience, tricks and good pet mood.  You can't bring your pets downtown (although you can probably pick up a date in the pet park) but your whole family (including your pet) goes on vacation with you.There's new stuff for your house too - you can can garden! Grow 4 different veggies in your patch (you have to buy seeds), careful gardening will result in a crop which you can sell (at the farmer's market) or store (in your new kitchen pantry). You might appreciate your pets here as you'll need to watch out for rabbits, gophers, mice and, as Maxis says ominously, other "unwelcome animals that come a callin'." (Mice, which your cat can keep away, will join roaches as house pets.) There will be 125 new objects for you and your pets (no details on those yet either), a new decorator set (New Orleans French Quarter), new skins and 5 new career tracks (fashion design, chef, vet, teacher, circus performer).  Among the new objects are new chairs, new tables, new fountains, espresso machine, pastry cart, spiral staircase, and pet-oriented objects like food bowls, catnip, dog beds, treats, squeak toys, doghouses, pet gyms, chew toys, and scratching posts.
Sim-ers have always wanted pets. The additions of fish and hamsters were rather unsatisfying (and sometimes lethal) additions. This new expansion packs will allow your sims to have dogs, cats, parrots, turtles and lizards as well.Lots of new social interactions have been added, althought the Sims website has not been specific as to what those are. Your neighborhoods are bigger - 30 lots each which you can zone for commerical or residential use.  Also there are new homes, new parks, a new cafe, new shops and a farmer's market! Your new dog or cat can be brought to these locales and used to interact with your sim neighbors.  Just like in Downtown, time freezes when you're in the community sections.Each neighborhood will include a pet store, where you can choose from 12 different cats (e.g., black cat and siamese cat), 12 different dogs (e.g., dalmatians, beagles, french bulldogs, spaniels, rotweillers, labs, greyhounds, german shepherds to name a few), 2 different birds (lovebirds and parakeets), or buy a turtle, lizard or fish.  The Maxis folks haven't forgotten any of the details of pets, if you buy a male and a female of the same species, they just might have babies, dogs and cats (and dog and cat people) might not get along, and Kitty might take a liking to your bird or fishBeware - your doggies and kitties (but not the other animals) need to be trained and cared for so they don't go to the bathroom in the house or rip us the trash.  Don't worry - Maxis is kind enough to provide a dog trainer if you're feeling lazy. But, your pets are just like a member of your family - they will have needs and skills which can be acquired (through positive and negative reinforcement). Just like people, you have to develop a relationship with them.  And just like your people, they can die of neglect, so be careful!  Dogs and cats will also misbehave and get grumpy if you don't take care of them.  Dogs and cats can also be entered in pet shows with prizes for obedience, tricks and good pet mood.  You can't bring your pets downtown (although you can probably pick up a date in the pet park) but your whole family (including your pet) goes on vacation with you.There's new stuff for your house too - you can can garden! Grow 4 different veggies in your patch (you have to buy seeds), careful gardening will result in a crop which you can sell (at the farmer's market) or store (in your new kitchen pantry). You might appreciate your pets here as you'll need to watch out for rabbits, gophers, mice and, as Maxis says ominously, other "unwelcome animals that come a callin'." (Mice, which your cat can keep away, will join roaches as house pets.) There will be 125 new objects for you and your pets (no details on those yet either), a new decorator set (New Orleans French Quarter), new skins and 5 new career tracks (fashion design, chef, vet, teacher, circus performer).  Among the new objects are new chairs, new tables, new fountains, espresso machine, pastry cart, spiral staircase, and pet-oriented objects like food bowls, catnip, dog beds, treats, squeak toys, doghouses, pet gyms, chew toys, and scratching posts.
The Sims 2: Free Time EP gives you Sim the opportunity to have hobbies.  Sims can now have many interests which include Cuisine, Nature, Music and Dance, Sports, Fitness, Arts and Crafts, and Tinkering plus a few others. You can use older items from the Sims to build Sims interest in their hobbies.  The easel is builds up interst in Arts and Crafts, the telescope increases interest in Science, and the swimming pool increases interest in Fitness.  Sims can "tinker" with the showers, bathtubs and garbage disposals.  It also inclues new items like the car for Tinkering, a pottery wheel and sewing machine for Arts and Crafts, and ballet bar for Music and Dance.  When Sims build up interest (similar to building skill points) they open up different options like the ability to talk about their hobby, read about their hobby, and blog about it.  They can also subscribe to hobby magazines and gain memberships to clubs on secret lots.  When the interest is maxed out Sims get "in the zone" and their needs go down more slowly.  Sims also get a Lifetime aspiration meter and can get a Secondary Aspiration.This EP also includes some much wanted new items for babies and toddlers.  There is a new style of baby furniture items, including a crib with a canopy, and the activity table which toddlers and children can build their mechanical and creativity skill points.  The activity table is my favorite new item included in this EP.The downside to this EP is that it has some problems.  The Sims needs decline much more quickly with this EP.  It's is hard to build up hobby interest when the Sims energy, hunger, and hygiene go down very quickly.  Another issue is that the nannies refuse to use any of the new baby items that came with Free Time.  They won't put the babies in the crib and they won't use the new changing table.  Instead they lay the babies on the floor and change them in the middle of the room, leaving a dirty diaper laying there.  Other people have complained that the EP is incompatible with the kitchen and bath items from the Kitchen and Baths Stuff Pack.  The Sims cannot tinker with the new showers or tubs and they can't get leftovers or make platters with the new fridges.  However, EA games does have a patch on the Sims 2 website that fixes some of these issues. I think this EP is definitely worth getting but it definitely requires the patch.
If you don't have this ep get it.It lets your sim go on vacations and it also has a lot of cool new objects in it.New objects you can now put at your own home include saunas,waterfalls,tents and even a pirate ship.These are all available on the vacation lots but you can also put them on your on.There are a lot more new objects but I won't list them.There is 3 locations to visit.Tikki Beach is my favorite.You can also visit a mountain retreat and a place in the far east.Your sim can now stay in hotels and or buy a vacation home.New interactions include comb for seashells,watch waves,dig for tresure,build sandcastles and more.Your sim can even swim in the ocean and lay on the beach and get a tan or sunburn.There is a new camera that gives your sims the choice to take a picture of themselves or themselves and other sims or to ask another sim to take the picture of them.There is many poses your sim can do by themselves and with other sims.Your sim can even kiss or makeout with their lover or spouse and have another sim take a picture of them doing that.Once your off the vacation you order the photos on the pc.You can get them in a book or individually to hang on the wall or put on the table.Each vacation offers so much to see it's advisable for your sim to book at least 7 days to see it all.Their expensive but this is no problem when you use the motherlode cheat which gives you at least 50,000 dollars everytime you input it.New to this expansionYou can now have a honeymoon at one of the 3 vacation spots.You can get married anywhere in the vacation spots and have the wedding of your dream.New public and private places to wohoo(sims sex).On the campground you can wohoo in tents which counts as a public wohoo.You can wohoo in saunas which counts as private.You can wohoo in hamocks which count as public.You can take up to 8 people with you.You have the option of reserving one hotel room or several for your guest.Tents on campgrounds are free they don't cost anything.You can call for roomservice and they will bring you food to your hotel room.Some of the better hotels have swimming pools,hottubs and restuarents and are beachside.The voodoo doll.If you can fix 3 objects in the witchdoctors house he gives you a voodoo doll.You can use this for curses on other sims or to make them fall in love with you or for freindship.I used this on a sim that didn't like my sim.Her relationship was -1 on the top and I clicked on that sim hit more then do voodoo.I picked romance and instanly she went from -1 to 70 that quick and started making out with my sim.Teleporting you can do this if you complete some kind of goal with the ninja.I haven't done that yet.Pirate Ship This is a huge ship and there is a lot to do on it.There is even a ghost that resides on this ship.Waterfalls.Certain locations have this huge waterfall which you can also put in your own lot.If you add soap to it it chages to lava thou.Bigfoot In the mountain locations you can see bigfoot or even talk to him.If you complete somekind of goal you can ask him to move in with you at your own home lot.You can then control him you can hug him but can't do any romantic interactions with him.New hairstyles Women now have 3 new hairstyles and men have a couple and some new facial hair ones too.I really like the new long hair that they give the women.It makes them even prettier.Jewlery you can now buy it at stores and in create a sim mode you can put it on the sims your creating.Souvineers there is all kind of souvineers and trinkets you can buy.Souvineer racks to keep your collectibles on.These are available in buy mode.New clothes and glasses they actually have new tourist clothes and multicolored sunglasses you can wear.There is so much more you can do in this game but I want list that as I don't have time.After seasons this is the best expansion pack I've ever played.I also recommend seasons,holiday stuff and sims 2 deluxe with nightlife.One last thing make sure your pc has at least 512 megs of ram and that's just the minimum it calls for.I would suggest going to 1gb if you have xp.The minimum for Vista is 1gb.I'd suggest 2 or 3.This game takes up a lot of memory and it can lag if you just have the minumum.The specs are higher for this expansion then they was for the previous ones.
What could be cuter than a Sim dog or Sim cat?  This by far has to be the best out of the expansion packs for The Sims.Not only can your Sim have a cute furry animal friend, they have 50 new jobs in five new career tracks and they can grow a vegetable garden.The Old Town development is nice, and it is free for your Sim to go there.  Sims can go there to socialize with other Sims in the neighborhood, to buy a pet, or sell your vegetables.  The Expansion on the neighborhood is great, now there is more space for creative expression.I like this expansion pack the most but there are a few things that are annoying at best.  I like the dog and cat skins, but there are not enough.  Training the pet is time consuming.  I recommend if you have a Sim buy a cat or dog, only buy one at a time.  There are strays that a Sim can befriend and adopt.  Yet like having the Sims develop friendships with other Sims, this becomes a hassle for the career-minded Sim.  The Vegetable garden is good...you won't have your Sim spending their salary on food and they can make a few extra bucks selling the veggies.  Down side: Like with any real garden, you have your garden pests... growing carrots forget it(unless you trained your Sim cat to be a ruthless bloodthirsty hunter). Tip: Grow beans and tomatoes, they don't have to be replanted once they are harvested.I made the mistake of purchasing this expansion pack before the others(Hot Date, House Party, and Vacation).  Now I didn't know I made this mistake, until after playing with Unleashed for about a week then I decided to buy the Hot Date expansion pack.That is when I found out that I had to install the games in order of their release.  So I had to uninstall Unleashed as well as Deluxe Edition, then reinstall and installing the older expansion pack before Unleashed.  I'm not a computer whiz, so it took me a couple of hours and rereading the installion instructions before I got the game to work again.This expansion pack is a must for the Sims, having the pets adds a new dimension to the Sims everyday life.  You don't have as much control over a Sim dog or cat like you do with the Sim people.  The dogs and cats are run by free will, although you can tell them where to go but you cannot give them actions.  Unless your Sim person is petting them or trying to train them.  It is amusing to see the pets interact with one another, and hiss or growl at their owner.
What could be cuter than a Sim dog or Sim cat?  This by far has to be the best out of the expansion packs for The Sims.Not only can your Sim have a cute furry animal friend, they have 50 new jobs in five new career tracks and they can grow a vegetable garden.The Old Town development is nice, and it is free for your Sim to go there.  Sims can go there to socialize with other Sims in the neighborhood, to buy a pet, or sell your vegetables.  The Expansion on the neighborhood is great, now there is more space for creative expression.I like this expansion pack the most but there are a few things that are annoying at best.  I like the dog and cat skins, but there are not enough.  Training the pet is time consuming.  I recommend if you have a Sim buy a cat or dog, only buy one at a time.  There are strays that a Sim can befriend and adopt.  Yet like having the Sims develop friendships with other Sims, this becomes a hassle for the career-minded Sim.  The Vegetable garden is good...you won't have your Sim spending their salary on food and they can make a few extra bucks selling the veggies.  Down side: Like with any real garden, you have your garden pests... growing carrots forget it(unless you trained your Sim cat to be a ruthless bloodthirsty hunter). Tip: Grow beans and tomatoes, they don't have to be replanted once they are harvested.I made the mistake of purchasing this expansion pack before the others(Hot Date, House Party, and Vacation).  Now I didn't know I made this mistake, until after playing with Unleashed for about a week then I decided to buy the Hot Date expansion pack.That is when I found out that I had to install the games in order of their release.  So I had to uninstall Unleashed as well as Deluxe Edition, then reinstall and installing the older expansion pack before Unleashed.  I'm not a computer whiz, so it took me a couple of hours and rereading the installion instructions before I got the game to work again.This expansion pack is a must for the Sims, having the pets adds a new dimension to the Sims everyday life.  You don't have as much control over a Sim dog or cat like you do with the Sim people.  The dogs and cats are run by free will, although you can tell them where to go but you cannot give them actions.  Unless your Sim person is petting them or trying to train them.  It is amusing to see the pets interact with one another, and hiss or growl at their owner.
Your Sims Get Down To Business...Now your Sims can create their own businesses. They can design their own clothing boutique, beauty salon, florist, high-end electronics shop, bustling restaurant chain, or virtually any other type of business. Hire your staff as the business grows and put talented Sims to work making toys, running the register, crafting floral bouquets, giving sales pitches, or manufacturing robots. But watch out for slacker employees and be prepared to fire them on the spot. From clever tinkerer to master craftsman, develop your Sim's talents to best suit your business needs. Will they build a thriving business empire or become eccentric entrepreneurs designing the next big thing?*Create Thriving Businesses:Open up shops selling just about anything from clothing, electronics, and toys to flowers, baked goods, robots and more. Customize any business to your choosing by tailoring the store theme, layout and prices. Hire employees with high sales skills and employ independent managers to run things while your Sim is away. Watch as your business grows from a mom and pop shop into a booming empire.*Be The Boss:Train employees, promote the best, and fire the rest. Cater to different customers including browsers and loyal shoppers. Dress your Sims in outrageous mascot outfits that resemble Knights, Ninjas, Gorillas, and more. Promote your best employees, but beware of slacker workers and be prepared to lay them off without hesitation!*Learn The Tricks Of The Trade:Customer is king. Develop your Sims' sales skills and determine if your employees should use a hard sell or drop the price to close the deal. Win the Best-of-the-Best Award to establish your Sim's business rep. Will your Sim's business make more money selling low quality products at basement rates or luxurious goods at scale-tipping prices?*Turn Talents Into Cash:Arrange flowers, make toys, and create robots to catch thieves at home or clean up the shop. Develop master-skilled Sims to make the most prized and expensive goods. Settle for an entry-level crafter and churn out pet bricks or faulty toy robots. Just bring home the bacon any way you can!*More Than 125 New Items:Stock up on essentials for your Sims' business, including display cases, a beauty salon chair, a toy workbench, a floral station, cash registers, and more. Complete your shop atmosphere with awnings and elevators for easy store navigation, or matching uniforms for all employees. With all the new items, there will never be another dull day building a business!Highly recommended to all!  Remember, you must have The Sims 2 before getting this expansion pack.
[Start]I remember when I first received Sims Deluxe Edition years ago when it was first released. I got the game from a friend and started playing it and it soon became a "smash hit," for my computer. A year or so later I received The Sims Unleashed. But I never went out and spent loads of money of buying and installing the other expansion packs the game soon fell out of being fun and I went on to better things.A year ago I decided, after trying to replay my old Sims games, I asked for The Sims Complete Collection. I than got to re-visit with some of the old things I remembered from Sims Deluxe Edition and The Sims Unleashed. But than I got to explore and interact with new surroundings, new items, and new skins! Loads of fun! You have more jobs to choose from and more ways to buy, interact with other Sims.The Sims (where it all started).The Sims (Mac) is the start of it all! You are introduced into a tiny neighborhood if you are only playing on this game (the neighborhood I'm talking about is the one located on the upper right-hand corner of the screen) and only offers about seven lots, not much play fun if you wish for more neighbors to interact with. You have fewer items to buy, skins to choose from, and things to do.But The Sims pact the punch with some other treats, such as The Burglar (a thief that comes to your house at night sometime during the game and steals random items from your home). The way around this is to either install a Burglar Alarm or call for the Police if your home. I once shall the Burglar steal (not the prized TV) but a rug, a wine glass ceiling hanger, and a chair.Not only do you have to worry about Police, but fires. Your Sim can either be sitting by a cozy fireplace or making grub on the stove when a fire can break out. This is due to happen if you Sims cooking skills are low or if a couch or plant is set close to the fireplace. To battle this, get a fire alarm, have your Sim call a Fire Fighter, or put out the flames her/himself, but they can get engulfed and die quickly. Sims have a knack for panicking out of control at the fire, waving their arms and screaming. But besides all the "bad," of this game you can hire a gardener to take care of your plants for you or hire a maid, but this cost money.Speaking of money, you get money from your job just like in real life. But just like in real life, you have to pay the bills and if you don't, more and higher priced bills arrive and eventually you lose the house and you lose the game. You also have to worry about having money to fill your fridge and cook meals to keep your Sim alive. To keep your Sims happy and paying attention to his "Mood," bars. Bladder is also important, which can lead to Sims feeling down or disturbed by wetting the carpet.Appliances have to be kept up-to-date, if a Sims just happens to break the shower or a cooking stove due to lack of skill, they have to repair it. They can either hire somebody for this job, or do it themselves. But if they, once again, are not up to skill with repairing mechanics, they can die. To skill-up your Sims, have them read a book on mechainics or cooking, there are more items for your Sims to up there skills.Sims can have babies, or adopt them. Which is a pain at when the baby is young, but than the baby eventually grows into a full-fledged kid, whom has to go to school and keep his grades up. If not, he is taken away by Child Care and you are left without one.Another fun feature is a rather sad, classic character who will make your Sims absolutely miserable! His name is Sunny The Tragic Clown! You can be visited by him if you buy his picture and if you Sims moods decrease, he shows up to make it worse. To get rid of him, either destroy his picture or get your Sim's moods back up to full-fledged green!Santa Claus can come visit your home if you place out cookies, a Christmas Tree and a fireplace in the same room. Make sure your Sims get to bed so he can arrive! Santa places presents out about the room and than disappears the way he came in, which is buy a red ringed vortex.And the last fellow character is the most horrifying of all, The Grim Reaper. He only visits if you or a fellow Sim has died and you have to play rock-paper-scissors to get them alive again. The result? They come back to life, go ghost, or stay dead. The later is a grave will pop-up (if its outside) or a mourning ashes jar. You Sims can mourn at it over their loss of a fellow spouse or family member.Sims Creator!You can now design your own outfits and even re-do or make your own Sim skins! You can even make Sims that look like you or your family/friends. I even made all the band members from Green Day on SC.The Sims Livin' Large!This expansion pack offers more things to do, and especially more items to buy! Loads of fun! You can also get more Sims skins!The Sims House Party!This was especially fun to play! You can gather all the needs for a party, such as a dance floor, a cage to dance in, plenty of more items to buy and of course more skins. You are able to invite the neighborhood over and party out! Hire some help like a Canter to take care of re-filling the snacks! If you're party is awesome enough, you can be visited by a famous Caleb (that is, if you have Sims Super Star) but otherwise, you are visited by Ze Mine, who will make your House Party a drool.The Sims Hot Date!Your Sims can now go on a date! You are now introduced to Downtown where, of course, you can buy new items. You also get more skins to choose from, new stuff in Build Mode and much more! To get to Downtown, you have to phone in for a cab, which whisk you to the meeting spot wherever you picked from. You can flirt with that special someone by eating dinner and playing footsie in a booth, cuddling, making-out. But if your Sims moods aren't green enough or their relationship up, you might see your Sim get slapped or pushed away.The Sims Vacation!Now your family can go on a vacation, either to a beach resort, a forest to camp out or a snow wonderland! But doesn't pack that punch the others had, for things can get boring after playing for a long time. You Sims can buy things, play archer, volleyball, look for treasure, build sand castle, snowboard on a ramp, flirt in a hot tub, and send mail back to a fellow Sim! You have more skins to choose from, more items to buy and more interactions to enjoy!The Sims Unleashed!You can now buy pets! Choose from a dog, a cat, parrots, turtles, hamsters and fish by going to Old Town to your local pet shop! You can buy items for your pets, and interact with them by playing fetch, ect... But beware, for your pets are a lot like people, and need special edition to keep them home. If not, they become strays or are taken away. You pets can also have puppies/kittens which appear in the dog house or a basket. Its your responsibility to care for them until you can sell them, or keep them if you wish. Also, you can take your pets to shows and win awards. But before that, you have to train them, and that is extremely hard since they not exactly like people. You can't control them really, except make them walk here or there.You can also be visited by fellow pest, such as strays who seek unwanted attention, roaches, mice, rabbits, gophers and raccoons! But your pets can take care of this problem (if they feel like it) by attacking and destroying the pesty animal. Your pets can also die, so make sure to feed them and take care of their bladder. You can also buy them treats, scratching post, beds and toys.The Sims Superstar!Yes folks, you can now be a superstar! But at what? You can be a famous rock star, a fashionist, or movie actress or a performer! But this you have to work at, which is far more engrossing than having a regular job/career. You have to have lots of friends, of course, your skills must be up to the max to succeed, and you have to have lots and lots of famous friends! This is tough, for if you don't have enough "Star Power," (how high you are up on the Hot List) than the rich and famous will ignore you. Battle this buy obtaining Sims friends that are as low as you are but have a bit of star power. Eventually you will get higher friends and keep at it in Studio Town by either performing at the karaoke or acting out a script. If you work at it enough, you can become a Super Star!Another feature in this is a few other things. You can now hire a butler, an are harassed by Obsessed Fans that follow you everywhere you go, even to your house! To battle this, you can download an Odd Body Guard that beams them down and makes their life a living hell!The Sims Makin' Magic!In Makin' Magic your Sims can now be fellow witches and wizards! Perform magic, buy magical items and of course, get more stuff to interact with! You receive a box from the Mysterious Man that drops it off at your house, he knocks on your door, drops the package and leaves without a word. You can open the box and receive magical items to make your magic, such as a spell book, a A Spellbound Wand Charge and a EverAfter Crafter. You can also buy a hole that is an instant ticket to Magic Town where you buy all your ingredients and do quest to gain rare magical items. You also are able to bake your own ingredients, have more skins and items to choose from. And can even buy yourself a dragon egg! But the dragon egg has to be cared for constantly unless you want a hatchling to flame your house down upon hatching!Besides getting regular Sim money, you get Magic Coins which can be exchanged for goods. If you save up enough, you can buy a creepy, haunted house located in Magic Town.This is my favorite Sim game out of all of them.[Fun Extras]You can download more items, skins, ect... from sites online, use cheat codes to "green-up," your Sims Health, make more money and even in-put your own music/shows for TV/Computer.[Finish]I hope you have found the following review helpful (if not time consuming). Definitely buy this game for your children or for yourself! I have spent hours on this game and find it very satisfying!
The Sims 3 Island Paradise is an incredible expansion pack, filled with a so many new things for your Sims to do and explore. The new town, Isla Paradiso is actually a group of islands in the ocean, each one with different buildings and homes on it. Instead of traveling everywhere by car, now you hop on a speed boat to get from island to island. The whole ocean is there for you to explore, and there's stuff everywhere!Homes can now be built right on the water. Instead of driveways and garages, you now have docks and slots to park your boats (speed boats, row boats, sail boats, and more). Homes sit right on the beautiful blue ocean water, with fish and huge sharks swimming right around them. Your sim can fish and skip stones right off the dock, or jump in and do a bit of swimming or snorkeling for seashells and gems.When your ready to venture out even farther, head out to one of the marked scuba diving locations for an adventure under the waters surface. Your sim needs to have spent some time working on their snorkeling skills first, before they will be allowed to take an underwater trip. When they're ready, they will switch into their scuba gear and dive down quite a ways, checking out all the fish and plant life that dwells on the ocean floor. Each dive location is completely different from the others, some having more things to explore than other. While under water you can catch fish, open treasure chests, explore caves (in the same way your sim can explore the catacombs in the graveyards) and even meet and socialize with other sims underwater. You never know who you will run into while swimming or scuba diving. Regular people, ghosts and even mermaids all are around and exploring the dive locations.You'll find everything from money to pieces of maps in the treasure chests. Gems, shells and other items can also be found while your searching underwater. But you'll need to be wary of sitting in one spot too long. Linger around, floating in the same location for a while, and one of the large sharks swimming by may try and make a meal of you. Even if they don't attack, you may find just the sight of one of them makes your sim have an accident in their wetsuit!When you're ready to spend some time on land, there's resorts you can kick back and relax at. Make sand castles on the beach, take in the view from one of the new balconies in the build menu, or for a shark-free swim, play on some of the new slides and waterfalls at the resort pools. Lifeguards patrol the beaches, and you can even take a job as one, with it being a new sim career choice.For those wanting to build their own homes and resorts, there lots of new things in the build and buy menus. Tables and chairs, new lighting options, bright tropical decor, fountains, new plants, trees, flower and rocks, hot tubs, fire pits, a few walk for your sims to walk across, and so much more. There's a new All-In-One-Bathroom that is about the size of a shower for your sims to use on their houseboats, where space in minimal. They go in and all "bathroom needs" are filled at the same time. Your sim can even buy a wind-surf board or a "Aqua Sled" jet-ski to play around on out in the water.There are a several new pieces of clothing added for sims to wear, including some new swimsuit options (finally!) and lots of warm weather clothing, like shorts, dresses and tank tops. There are also a few new hair styles added. New sim traits and lifetime wishes have also been added to the game.But the focus in this expansion pack is definitely the water fun, both on the surface and under water. Everything is about life on or in the ocean. Much like the Sims 3 World Adventures pack focused a lot on exploring hidden tombs and such, this pack is all about exploring the sea. It's almost like an Island Paradise version of World Adventures. There is so much in this pack to do and explore, it's definitely one of the best Sims expansion packs made to date!
PETSOh, sure, you can get fish or a guini pig without Unleashed, but if you want a more interesting pet, you should get this expansion. Unleashed gives you dogs, cats, birds, turtles and iguanas. There are many different breeds of dogs and cats, and a few different types of birds.Dogs and cats become part of the family, and get the run of the house (even though they shouldn't be able to open your doors). A canine or feline pet can give lonely Sims more social time, and prevent the less outgoing Sims from getting depressed. Unfortunatly, you can't make the dog/cat eat, sleep, or play on command, and you can't stop it from drinking out of the toilet or relieving themselves on your carpet.THE NEIGHBORHOODWith the Unleashed expansion, you now have a total of 41 lots! You also have the cool option of making a community lot. You  can build restaurants, markets, pet shops, and other places for your Sims to socialize. What's really cool is that you don't have a budget to worry about!Another nice addition is that now you can build a house before your Sim moves into it. Half the fun in The Sims is just building the houses!OTHER BONUSESNow your Sims can live off their own land by tending a garden. After you harvest, choose to put your vegetables in a pantry for later or sell them at the market.Unleashed is a great addition to The Sims. Anyone who enjoys The Sims should definately pick this one up.
