
Topic 0: step 0.06899 quick 0.05702 needs 0.04913 expected 0.03167 follow 0.02573 instructions 0.01948 process 0.01498 gives 0.01459 clear 0.01451 provided 0.01004
 How Many: 47150
Product met my expectations and performed as expected.  Constant updates provided the latest available information and tools.
Easy to use menus and completeness of tool was very welcome.  Met the needs of the newest tax payer to the most experienced
Step by step walk-through process that is very easy to follow along. Make sure you have all of your documents and the process will be quick and painless.
When filing jointly be sure to have both partners drivers license ready for the final step. Works well otherwise with step by step procedure.
Easy to follow, step by step instructions. E-file return gives you a quick return. It is very nice to save your progress and work in several sittings.
I have used this training guide at my firm to train 10 interns this past summer. It was clearly written. Has great examples as well as practive exercises. It covers the areas that a beginner needs to learn about QuickBooks. The fonts are large that you can read the guide easily. The screenshots are very easy to follow. A well written book and one of the better guides on the market. It's great that it is being offered at Amazon.
Especially loved the step-by-step process, very clear and really happy with my refund.  Would recommend to anyone, especially a beginner.
I loved using TurboTax! It was easy to follow the step-by-step directions. Being able to file electronically was so quick and efficient.
quick, easy step by step instructions, quick processing both state and fed
It is easy to use and wii lead you down a path so you do not miss anything.  However, you can bypass the path to go directly to an area you need to visit.
I really like the current method of walking through each topic, with a "you have completed 7 of 20 steps" dialogue.  I also like the table of topics, with a notation of whether you've covered it or not, and with a click you can return directly to the topic once you've collected more data.

Topic 1: works 0.14502 fine 0.05928 fast 0.04556 easily 0.04342 wish 0.03309 perfect 0.02939 expensive 0.02354 complaints 0.01389 thorough 0.01221 efficient 0.01116
 How Many: 47150
My previous computer was destroyed by lightening.  I lost all of my "programs" but my data was stored off site.  It appeared I would have to purchase a very expensive program to recover my data.  I found this version of my prgram and ordered it.  I received it in two days !!! Fastest shipping I have ever received on an item.  It works perfert and has saved me money on a more expensive program and/or hours reconstructing my information.
My previous computer was destroyed by lightening.  I lost all of my "programs" but my data was stored off site.  It appeared I would have to purchase a very expensive program to recover my data.  I found this version of my prgram and ordered it.  I received it in two days !!! Fastest shipping I have ever received on an item.  It works perfert and has saved me money on a more expensive program and/or hours reconstructing my information.
While I wish that Turbo Tax was a little less expensive (it's gone up over the years), and I also wish that they didn't keep pushing more expensive versions on me every time I entered some kind of income that maybe, could be, better served by a more thorough examination (but probably not enough to make a bottom-line difference in my case), I have found TurboTax to be the fastest, most understandable way to get my taxes done.
Nothing too fancy, but for basic expense tracking it is fine.  Installed easily, easy to learn.  We have not pushed its limits yet, but no problems.
Inexpensive and works well on the iMac.
Works fine.  It took a while to find everything again but after that it was fine.
it came in fast enough it works fine
It works okay but it is big. I cant carry items when I wear it on the left and I cant buckle my seat belt with it on the right. It works just fine. Secure and I like being able to turn it backwards so the screen doesn't show.
Works as advertised, nothing special just works.  Works as advertised nothing special just works like advertised so that is all.
It works. Seems more expensive than before. Most of the time needed was in assembling. Wish it could import from excel spreasheets.
Perfect for the job- It works fine.  I like it very much.  Would order this item again if needed  Thanks very much.  Rupert Tart

Topic 2: product 0.29937 recommend 0.07996 personal 0.04079 highly 0.03603 finances 0.03355 definitely 0.01691 family 0.01385 looking 0.01215 recommended 0.01138 awesome 0.00938
 How Many: 47150
This is a great product for organizing your finances. Not so great for business but perfect for personal use. I would go with just the home or personal version of the product. Otherwise really great product. Would definitely reccomend
I have used Quicken for several years and find it to be an excellent product. I would recommend this product to anyone wanting to manage their personal finances.
Once you learn to use the software, Quicken Starter Edition help you get control of personal finances. The software is easy to learn and use.  In this day in age you must know were your money is going. You have to manage it. If you don't, you will be in trouble. Quicken will help you stay on top all your personal finances. It also gives a warning of incoming bills long before they are due to help you get control of them. I recommend this product to everyone. Get control of you personal finances now!
This product aids in managing your finances. Amazon had a great price worthy of purchase. The product was deliverd quickly and expeditiously. Definitely perfect for organizing and maintaing good records.
This has been the best Financial Tracking product I ever owned. I love the "Savings Goals" Feature. I would highly recommend this product for anyone interested in taking control of their finances.
The product is exactly what I expected. I have friends that recommended we use this product to help us track our personal finances. It was easy to set up and use.
This industry leading software is a great personal financial tool.  I found set up easy and the functionality was very simple to navigate.  The use of this product will definitely payback in a big manner for me, as I have a great handle on my personal finances from using this product.  Highly recommended.
EXCELLENT product and OUTSTANDING SUPPORT and service!!  Have recommended the product to family and friends!!  Will definitely purchase again next year!!!
This program was so easy to use and I feel I received an awesome product.  Highly recommend for anyone wanting to do their own personal taxes.
Great product. Easy to use. I wouldn't keep up with my finances any other way. I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a personal finance software.

Topic 3: taxes 0.16912 makes 0.04863 doing 0.04562 simple 0.0445 does 0.03988 job 0.03016 questions 0.02985 process 0.02128 accountant 0.0173 helps 0.01459
 How Many: 47150
Intuit has made doing your taxes too freakin easy.  I mean, doing your taxes should be a tortuous and painful exercise.  That way we would hate the process altogether and abolish taxes.
Easy to understand the layout.  It is a process that proceeds with one question at a time. It is comprehensive  Gets the job done. Also helps understanding personal finances that does not happen if another does one's taxes. I completed the process and then had CPA review since this was my first time doing my taxes.
Who want's to pay taxes? But this makes the pain less...since it makes taxes so simple. It asks a series of questions, you answer and it fills in the spaces correctly so you don't have to understand tax codes. For an extra fee, audit protection is available. Will worth the money. Order from Amazon for a less expensive product.
I completed my taxes and did the taxes for my 3 adult children, all in one afternoon. The program is easy to use, simple to understand and makes the painful process of taxes easier to understand. I have used this for 3 years in a row now, and I will continue to do so.
I am an art person, not a math person. I am amazed that I can do my own taxes with the help of Turbo Tax's lay person vocabulary. The questions are explained and clarified, ie, as in, this is uncommon or unlikely for you to have this.
I absolutely HATE doing taxes, but I also hate paying someone big bucks to do them for me.  This program keeps me from tearing my hair out during the agonizing process of doing my taxes.  I highly recommend it!
There is nothing better if you have a business.  Answer questions that are asked in simple english.  The questions will also clue you in to possible spending that is deductable.  Four fifteen minute sessions should get it done if you have been organized.  Then sit and watch as it takes that data and digests it and spits it out into all of the endless documents required by federal and state.
Thankfully the taxes I do are fairly simple and straightforward, one for my girlfriend (REALLY easy) and mine (somewhat more challenging). TurboTax makes the process as simple and easy... not that doing ones taxes is EVER something that is REALLY simple and easy. I think they realize that OUR time is important; their questions are straightforward and specific when it comes to determining if a deduction can be made, etc.

Only negative?? HOLY computer memory use/space Batman!!
I finished my taxes in less than an hour.  It walks you through each section of the returns by asking questions in everyday language.  Very simple to use.
All I have to do is answer some simple questions, none of which are complicated or hard to understand, and the software does all the math and fills out the forms ( they determine which are needed) I need.  I can't imagine doing it any other way.

Topic 4: use 0.4451 excellent 0.04512 pleased 0.02609 tool 0.02305 accurate 0.02297 future 0.01618 results 0.01372 ok 0.01095 plan 0.01005 everyday 0.00146
 How Many: 47150
It's ok. It's ok.  It's ok.  It's ok.  It's ok.  It's ok. It's ok. Eight more words required. Ok. Ok.
This was the lowest price I found for the Deluxe version I needed. OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
I have been using Turbo Tax since it was invented!! It is so easy to use and has been an excellent tool to keep track of my farm tax liability and my small business tax liability. The e-file capability results in very fast responses from the IRS and I feel very confident that my filing was accurate and optimized. Many thanks for years of providing an excellent tax tool.
So very pleased with TurboTax.  It was so easy to use.  Will use TurboTax every year.  Very happy with it.  Encourage everyone to use it
excellent product did find a flaw in soft ware under stock sales long term reporting
 use to use deluxe addition now have to use premier addition  per Intuit causing higher price.
still easy to use.
been using TurboTax for many years with excellent results and satisfaction. do not plan to ever use any other software.
I've used Quicken for years, and have been very pleased with its capabilities.  I'm jus starting to use the smartphone feaures.  They seem OK, but I'm still leariing to use them.
This is a great tool to use to stay on budget.  We use this along with Dave Ramsey's plan to stay on budget.  Thanks Quicken.
This software program is easy to use and seems to be reliable. I like that it was easy to install and use right away. I am not a computer whiz or a numbers whiz and I am able to use this program with ease. There are a lot of features to use with this program that you can choose to use or not to use.
I use it because it is accurate, easy and really kind of fun to use.  They have made it so simple than I believe anyone could use it,

Topic 5: years 0.21792 used 0.15487 using 0.14005 turbotax 0.09248 ve 0.0808 10 0.02547 past 0.02518 continue 0.01718 20 0.01334 ago 0.0105
 How Many: 47150
I've used TurboTax for about 9 or 10 years now and I think it's a very solid product. I've found it very easy to use. I'd guess that I've saved at least a hundred dollars every year I've used it.
I've been using TurboTax for 10 years or more, and will continue to do so. The user-friendliness of the interface has increased over the years.
For the past couple of years, I have used the H&R Block product. This was after always using TurboTax. Both of those years I wasn't as pleased as previous years but used it because of price. This year I went back to TurboTax and my tax preparation was so much easier and, I think, much quicker. Will stick with TurboTax from now on.
I have used it for the past 20+ years and continue to depend on it.
I have been using TurboTax to my taxes, as well as tax returns for several family members, for several years now.  TurboTax makes it extremely easy.  When you have used TurboTax the prior year, you also don't have to re-enter all that information.  I will continue using TurboTax in the years to come.
Have used Quicken well over 20 years now.  It's been amazing with the changes throughout the years.  Will continue to use another 20 years. Thanks!
I have used TurboTax for the past 10 years, always with very good results. I itemize and have a few investments, but nothing heavy. The first couple of years, I continued to let an accountant do my taxes - the results were nearly identical, although 1 year I received $5 more refund following the TurboTax return. I used TT with PC's up until 2-3 years ago when I switched to an iMac.

Highly recommended.
Not disappointed - again.  I have been a Quicken customer for many years and years and years and years and years.
I've used TurboTax for more than 10 years and have always been very pleased with its capabilities and enhancements through the years.  This is my first time to buy it on Amazon and will continue to do so.
Great product!  I've used it for years now with no problems.  I always feel confident that I've covered everything when I'm finished.  I fully intend to continue using TurboTax in the future.

Topic 6: love 0.10377 able 0.07888 worked 0.07598 previous 0.05971 versions 0.0356 info 0.03339 received 0.0238 prior 0.01947 perfectly 0.01385 fact 0.01313
 How Many: 47150
Overall, my office likes using Quickbooks Pro 2014 and have only had a few difficulties finding things or not being able to do some of the things that we were able to don in our 2011 version.  In previous versions, we were able to reclassify entries that had been put in as customers to make them vendors, which also preserved any previous transactions but aren't able to do this in the 2014 version.  Having to totally reenter the information as a vendor in 2014 means not being able to link to any previous activity for that entry.  It is also frustrating to not be able to locate good phone numbers for the various support departments when needed.
This product was everything that it was advertized for. It worked perfectly. Having misplaced our previous one, this application worked alone side our information.
Love the fact that it brings in all past data, and compares what you had done last year, to remind about previous deductions.
installs easily, imports info from previous versions, downloads info from financial instititions.  Quick & easy to use.
I complete our business and personal taxes using TurboTax each year.  I love that it transfers prior years taxes into the current year with ease.  No more typing in all my personal info or remembering how/what I did in the previous years.  Downloads without any issues.
I love that it carries over the info from the previous year so I don't have to reenter. If you don't do it all in one sitting, it sometimes asks the same questions over again, but it really beats doing it all from scratch.
Easy steps plus able to import previous years tax info. This year there was an option for using the EIN to auto-populate the W2 info...awesome!
A solid linear advance on Quicken 2013. Meshes well with TurboTax. A linear advance for those used to previous versions is superior to an exponential advance, which may require substantial relearning of the operating system. Linear improvement is good. jbbell
We received this package & all worked accordingly. The bucket trip sailed safely after that!!
We received this package & all worked accordingly. The bucket trip sailed safely after that!!

Topic 7: software 0.1234 intuit 0.05058 know 0.02438 support 0.02129 think 0.01908 don 0.01676 people 0.01583 products 0.01344 service 0.0131 ll 0.01162
 How Many: 47150
Sorry I hate those sayings but that one seems to fit at this point. After all the hoopla about the error the company made, I think it is a good idea to take a breath and reflect on (1) the quality of the software and (2) Intuit as a company. After I did, I decided to stay and continue to use TurboTax.

1. The software's quality doesn't seem to be an issue here. Most believe it is an accurate and easy way to file taxes. I was tempted to switch but didn't see the competitor software as a realistic alternative. Given that I've used TurboTax since the first year it was offered, I'm not likely to jump into using a competitor's product out of anger.

2. Intuit did do something surprising and upsetting here, but it certainly appears that they have realized their mistake and completely fixed it. How many companies admit their error and then reverse their decisions? I don't remember any previous issues, so I'm not sure why this is their second strike. Sure, I'd like the pricing to stay the same, but as I expect salary increases each year, I also expect others to do so as well in the form of higher prices for some products.
I see that isn't the issue, though. It's one of trusting the company after they tried to change the product names. I agree that they pulled a serious mistake and they have already admitted that and offered to reset everything for this year as well as future years. I don't know what else they can do to make people feel better. I'm guessing those who are responsible for this will be penalized, and the corporate world most often relieves them of duty. Who will remain? Those who had nothing to do with this decision, and who probably disagreed with the direction of things. There are lots of user-oriented people at Intuit, and their interface is quite polished. I'm not sure it's the best idea to jump ship to what others have said to be an inferior product (but I do not have experience with it).

We have actually benefited from this problem, as the pricing has not increased. Intuit has already suffered greatly from this debacle, but I don't think it's necessary to take out our vitriol on every employee in the firm. It's also short-sighted if the competitor's product is not as good. Some manager or committee made a stupid decision, and I'm sure they are already either gone or marginalized. I don't feel the need to punish the entire company because of one bone-headed leader who is probably already gone (hopefully).

So I'm sticking with TurboTax, as it has served me so well over the last few decades. Ok, Intuit, you're on notice to keep things (1) clear and straightforward and (2) working well.
Below is the review I had original written. I am changing my mind based on the response from Intuit. I received a very nice email from Sasan Goodarzi, General Manager of Intuit TurboTax saying "We heard you. It's time we make it right."  I was able to upgrade to the Premier version from inside of TurboTax Deluxe at no additional charge.  This speaks of integrity.  Intuit, you saw your error and admitted it. You also fixed it.  I'm back as a happy customer.

=================================================================================================================
I am also disappointed in the ruse by Intuit. Certainly the decision makers at Intuit knew exactly the deception they were engaged in as they released their 2014 product.  I feel betrayed by a company that I felt had great integrity.  I am a pastor and have to report my income as self-employment. I have used TTD for years and have recommended to many people.  Unless Intuit makes a great adjustment, I will be switching to something else like H & R Block.  I am not even concerned that it work as well as long as it does the job.  Even if it cost me the same as TTD would with the $40 up-charge, I am still switching software on principle.  I hope many other people right reviews and either millions of consumers abandon TT, or Intuit does the right thing and offers the upgrade at no charge for at least this year.  How about it Intuit? Do you have any integrity?
Two stars, Turbotax, for refusing to say ANYWHERE on your website or Amazon's EXACTLY WHAT FORMS are included in this software. Last year you tried to force us to upload to the top tiers if we used anything more elaborate than 1040A or EZ, then you backtracked and offered all forms in an update. What's the situation this year? If I absolutely can't find out, I'll come back here and change it to a one-star rating, along with all your other products. If it's still the basic-basic 1040A/EZ, I'll let the two stars stand. If all forms are indeed included, I'll up it to four stars. But you won't get the five stars that for years I have awarded this product, because you're still trying to force people to buy something they don't need and don't want.

Okay, Turbotax has evidently sworn on the Bible or the Consumer Protection Act that EVERY form is included in Basic, so I'm raising my rating to four stars. I used to give TTax Basic five stars because it did everything I wanted to do at a very reasonable cost. I first ran into trouble last year, though that was retroactively solved; but then the same deceptive statements were made on the Intuit site and the Amazon store, all but declared that if you bought Basic you only got 1040A and 1040EZ and associated files. If you needed one schedule, you must buy Deluxe; if another, then Premier; and if yet another, then Home & Biz, quadrupling the price.

Note that I do not use the interviews. I prefer to work directly with the forms. So Basic is all I ever need.
This year the good folks at Intuit decided they wanted to force everyone to agree to buy the stupid Audit Defense product.  You cannot efile without agreeing to pay for it.  THEY MAKE YOU BUY IT THEN GO TO YOUR ACCOUNT TO CANCEL IT!  AND THIS IS NOT DISCLOSED ON THE PACKAGE.  VERY UNDERHANDED AND UNETHICAL COMPANY TO DEAL WITH. The software itself is fine, and acurate.  4 stars for the software.  The owners or whatever that decided that you MUST PAY  FOR THE AUDIT DEFENSE FIRST ARE MORONS.  (i'm posting about the "hidden" added cost of the software on every site I am a member of, since INTUIT decided to be underhanded cowards in their hiding the True cost of the software).  Truely pathetic business practices.  I'll go back to doing my taxes the old way before agreeing to pay them one dime more than I do for the software.
I just want to say kudos to all the 1 - 2 star reviewers. As you can tell by the responses by Intuit, Amazon.com is a place that can affect them, otherwise they would not be wasting their time. Love the ones (Intuit techies) that say they are "passionate" about their work. Yeah, whatever! No corporate goon is "passionate" about his work. Why do people turn into politicos when they work in a corporate environment or work for the government? Get real already! Get the job done and that's it, don't be afraid of goon bosses.
My actual review on the QB 2011 product is 4 stars; although it has been a pain at times that is ok. I realize some of the modern techies everywhere do not have real world experience and therefore do not understand reliability as opposed to creating the "neat" tricks, treats, bells, and whistles on software. It seems software (at times) is overall getting worse in quality because that is where society overall is going, they want the treats instead of good old-fashioned, old-school reliability. I say "they" because I am old-school darn it!
Let's see if Amazon will post this review now or they may say "sorry, this review does not apply to this forum. Post it on YouTube instead" or whatever.
BEWARE: TurboTax has changed the Deluxe edition to force you to upgrade to Premier edition for an additional $40; fortunately, consumer outrage has made them reconsider this piggish marketing gambit. Contact Customer Service @ this phone number (800-445-1875, from 8 AM to 8 PM EST) to complain to TurboTax and possibly get a free upgrade. I did.
There are a lot of complaints here about the new Turbotax fees.  Intuit has heard the complaints and apparently rescinded the fees:

[...]

 December 11, 2008 2:05 PM PST
Intuit backtracks on new TurboTax fees

In response to a customer revolt on the Internet, Intuit has decided to eliminate fees it introduced with TurboTax 2008 that would charge users for preparing multiple returns.

The maker of the popular tax-preparation program announced Thursday that it would drop the $9.95 fee it introduced with this year's release, while still maintaining free e-filing for its customers.
(Credit: Intuit)

"We're responding to changing market conditions and customer feedback," Dan Maurer, general manager of Intuit's consumer division, said in a statement. "We believe this better positions TurboTax in the marketplace with an even stronger value proposition for consumers."
I've been an enthusiastic QuickBooks user for the last three years and have used various versions of Quicken since 1988 (think, amber screen). So, for all those years I'll give Intuit a four star rating for only some minor occasional glitches. However, the number of negative reviews scares me - not so many here on Amazon, but elsewhere, it's clearly indicative of something gone seriously wrong with the company. For example, see ConsumerAffairs.com's website postings: [...] I've been needing to upgrade since they stopped servicing my 2011 version, but I'm now seriously considering giving a competitor a try unless the trend of complaints reverses.
I've been an enthusiastic QuickBooks user for the last three years and have used various versions of Quicken since 1988 (think, amber screen). So, for all those years I'll give Intuit a four star rating for only some minor occasional glitches. However, the number of negative reviews scares me - not so many here on Amazon, but elsewhere, it's clearly indicative of something gone seriously wrong with the company. For example, see ConsumerAffairs.com's website postings: [] I've been needing to upgrade since they stopped servicing my 2011 version, but I'm now seriously considering giving a competitor a try unless the trend of complaints reverses.
Regarding the C-Dilla issue... this is the statement from Intuit, makers of TurboTax. Keep in mind, it was never in the Mac software anyway.
"In response to customer feedback, we have removed the technology from TurboTax 2003 products. In addition, Intuit is changing its policy and updating the TurboTax software license agreement, enabling customers to use TurboTax software to install, prepare, file and print multiple returns for themselves and their family from multiple computers."
I've always found TurboTax to be a very good product. If this C-Dilla issue proves to have been resolved, it may be again. However, their insistance that they need to charge a 25% premium for the Mac version is just foolish.

Topic 8: good 0.12251 price 0.06913 amazon 0.05678 buy 0.04605 purchase 0.03671 purchased 0.01932 order 0.01677 deal 0.01552 cheaper 0.01441 buying 0.01441
 How Many: 47150
The product is excellent, I just updated from 2008 ver. skipping one year.
I bought here because it includes the new unopened box and CD.I always buy from the lowest seller and reward them for driving the price down. I want to encourage the greedy sellers to lower their price. But only the True leader of the lowest price should get the sale. NOT the coward that matchs price.
Installed this product and I love to use it. Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good.
The item was exactly as promised. Brand new and unopened, minus original box/packaging. Installation instructions were on the disk sleeve and there was no issue installing it. The item arrived when promised in top condition.
Turbo Tax is a great tax tool but finding one at a good price is usually the most difficult thing to do.  I looked at the box stores' offers and was not impressed.  PC Galaxy offered the best deal through Amazon for price and shipping.  I received a new unopened Turbo Tax Deluxe within days of ordering with standard shipping. Their price with shipping was still below the box store's best prices.  I'll be back next year.
I order the QuickBooks PRO from Amazon.  I thought $99 was a reat deal over the advertised prices both on line and in the local computer stores.  The weekend I ordered, all of the computer stores in town advertised the same item for the same price I paid on line PLUS added an extra instruction manual and some software for FREE!  That was the end of thinking I got a good deal on Amazon.
The product is a good one.  I have had to hire a tutor...it's not real easy to learn.
A must have for people paying off student loan debt/interest!

Amazon Prime members got $10 off if you purchased early and 10% extra reward for each $100 Amazon gift card purchased. Buy it from Amazon, get at least $500($550 after bonus) in gift cards and the Tax software has paid for itself!
How to get an extra 10%

We love the opportunity to pass along great deals to our valued customers like you.

It's so easy and doesn't cost you a thing
Just use part of your federal refund to purchase an Amazon.com Gift Card, and we'll add an extra 10%
 - For example, an extra 10% turns $500 into $550
 - There are NO fees, and your gift card never expires

Just 3 simple steps to more buying power

First, choose how much to put on your Amazon.com Gift Card.
 - Choose your amount in increments of $100
 - We'll automatically give you an extra 10%
 - The remainder of your refund will be deposited to your bank account

Second, we'll email you your gift card claim code(s) within one to two business days after the money for your refund becomes available.

Third, (and most fun), shop at Amazon.com, and choose from millions of items storewide.

Still not convinced?
 - Your bank probably doesn't give you 10%, so why not get it here?
 - This is a gift from us, and the 10% bonus doesn't cost you a thing
 - You can find almost anything on Amazon.com

Take advantage of this great offer now! Once you e-file, this refund option will no longer be available to you.

Note: Terms and conditions apply to Amazon.com Gift Cards. Please see www.amazon.com/gc-legal for details.
I'm a long time Amazon customer. I purchased this item from Amazon for $43. A few days later a friend purchased the same item from Amazon for $31. Since Amazon offered such a difference in price in just a few days, it would be good business to make some amends for the ripoff.
PURCHASED IN STORE AND SAW IT AND SEVERAL OTHER ITEMS AT AMAZON.COM FOR WAY CHEAPER. RETURNED EVERYTHING TO STORE AND ORDERED FROM AMAZON.COM. RECEIVED ITEMS QUICKLEY AND ALL WORK GREAT. I WILL ALWAYS CHECK AMAZON FIRST BEFORE I PURCHASE ANYTHING.
This is the first time purchasing this item via internet and downloading vs. buying physical disc at store.  Absolutely love the add'l 10% refund bonus offer on the Amazon gift card...which I did for just a couple of hundred dollars of the total refund amount.  Bonus and gift card was sent via e-mail at the time the refund was issued by the IRS.  Will do so again next year if offered.

Topic 9: time 0.13866 money 0.07261 work 0.05647 little 0.03667 lot 0.03662 long 0.03056 going 0.02526 worth 0.02383 save 0.01851 takes 0.01619
 How Many: 47150
I am still trying to figure out everything that I can do with this item, for beginners it is a little time consuming trying to figure it out but there seems to be lots of tutorials and help out there so I am sure I will get there.
This is more expensive than any comparable product but the headaches it saves makes it well worth it. We own a lot of stocks and bonds and have a lot of trades. Listing all of those trades on schedule D was a pain. Using this software I was able to import the trades from my broker. That saved me lots of time and spared me from doing a bunch of tedious and boring work.
Takes a little work to figure it out but with the help of an accountant it more than gets the job done and makes it simple. Cuts down the time I have to spend doing my book work too.
Great for managing checking/savings.  Haven't spent a lot of time trying to incorporate investments.  Initial sense is that it appears a bit clunky.  May change my mind once I've had a chance to work with it.
OK, its an accordion file and they supply the labels. But for folks like me who keep all their receipts and other papers in one big messy bin, this accordion file is very useful. It helps you to get all the right papers sorted out, has neat little labels, and keep the papers together. You can pull just the papers you need out of that bin for tax time, and leave the rest in the bin for later.
And getting it for free, hey, I am not complaining!
OK, its an accordion file and they supply the labels. But for folks like me who keep all their receipts and other papers in one big messy bin, this accordion file is very useful. It helps you to get all the right papers sorted out, has neat little labels, and keep the papers together. You can pull just the papers you need out of that bin for tax time, and leave the rest in the bin for later.
And getting it for free, hey, I am not complaining!
Being able to clearly see where I am spending money saves me a ton of money. I can see ahead of time where I am going to overspend if I'm not careful. Everyone who lives within a modest budget should at least try this software, if they are at all interested in being successful financially.
This purchases was a life saver that have taken all of the hard work out of the work assignment I would buy this again.
Running a couple of small business operations as an entrepreneur is trying enough with your time; having a perfectly organized and flexible accounting system saves me significant time and effort. Best of all I know that my work will quickly transfer to Intuit Tax software to make that drudgery short work!
That I was able to do my own taxes without a CPA and in the economic crunch this product is well worth the money and it really makes you realize where yur money is going and where you should be saving more or less with the way things are going.

Topic 10: happy 0.0461 right 0.03957 did 0.03873 bought 0.03648 day 0.02382 thank 0.02101 making 0.01744 days 0.01669 wanted 0.01664 life 0.01606
 How Many: 47150
We would never have been able to get to the level of sales that we are now at without the help of Quickbooks Pro handling virtually all of our book keeping. Here at Tippecanoe Boats we build and sell the finest model sailing boats in the world. I want to be able to design and build new exciting models and not have to spend all of my time balancing accounts! Thank goodness Quickbooks Pro does all of that for me!
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/T12-Cruiser-Sailboat-Kit-White-blue-Floating-Model-Sailboat-Toy-Sailboats-that-Sail-Toy-Sailboats-that-Float-Toy-Sailboat-Wood-Toy-Sailboat-Wooden-It-Really-Sails/dp/B00J209SQ6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">T12 Cruiser Sailboat Kit (White/blue) - Floating Model Sailboat, Toy Sailboats that Sail, Toy Sailboats that Float, Toy Sailboat Wood, Toy Sailboat Wooden - It Really Sails!</a>
Thank you! Thank you! for this wonderful,blessed, and so helpful program. I know my boyfriend loves me because by sharing this he's contributing financial independence to my life plus the knowledge in how technology is a blessing and agreat contribution to our lives and for our future family's lives, such as this. If this has been working for my honey Kam then I for sure know it'll help me. This is coming from a woman who wants to have control and be independently involved in my financial affairs of my life. Quicken fits perfectly into my catergory of life for personal use. I also heard and love quickbooks but that program does not work for me in what I need in my life.
Thank you!!!
Death and taxes are 2 known certainties in life ... but my deepest heartfelt thanks to Intuit for making the latter more agreeable to deal with as an ex pat living outside the US with an occasional life event that somehow manages to get proficiently addressed via your software package.  Reducing the complex to simplicity is the achievement of this software, please never lose sight of this goal.
I have been and advid Money user for 10 years now. I was quite shocked with it was discontinued and even more shocked when I researched the market. I tried Mint, Bundle and a few other online sites. They all lacked the forecasting ability that I was used to in Money.

There are many of us that do not live by a set budget as a budget doesnt reflect real life and instead get by using this forecasting tool to plan the unexpected ups and downs. Quicken 2010 lacked the abiility I was seeking as well.

All through 2010 I searched but found nothing and ultimately held onto Microsoft until the last possible day of January 2011. After that I was forced to abandon ship. I started with an existing copy of Quicken 2010 again and was quite lost and frustrated and worried about managing my bills to be frank.

As a last resort I upgraded to 2011. Wow what a difference. Forecasting tool is there and perfect. I got all my bills and income aligned. I am one happy camper.
The item was ordered Friday after Thanksgiving and was received the following Monday !  I was very surprised, thinking that it would take longer.  I want to thank the vendor for his courtesy and promptness.

The product stands on its own and is reviewed by others more proficient in evaluation.
I should have been born during the Revolutionary Days... I hate taxes and our forefathers fought against them when they were miniscule compared to today... Turbo Tax is my own little Boston Tea Party, it always helps me recoup most of what Uncle Sam steals from me.
The IRS delights in making taxes a nightmare for Americans.  I am convinced that the tax code was invented and implimented by  hard line communists. Turbo tax is like sicking Ronald Reagon on mother Russia. I was pleased how it walked me through baby step by baby step. For those who are more tax savvy, you can chose a more independent method. As I have multiple W2s each year, this would have taken me hours to do even through an online method. But this drastically reduced that time.
The IRS delights in making taxes a nightmare for Americans.  I am convinced that the tax code was invented and implimented by  hard line communists. Turbo tax is like sicking Ronald Reagon on mother Russia. I was pleased how it walked me through baby step by baby step. For those who are more tax savvy, you can chose a more independent method. As I have multiple W2s each year, this would have taken me hours to do even through an online method. But this drastically reduced that time.
I was truly amazed with the speedy and prompt service given me, I was truly expecting to receive my order by Christmas and instead it was here on the second day after I ordered it, a whole week in advance.  Thank you ever so much on such excellent service.
I remember the days of my Dad doing taxes on the dining room table it took a week and we were not allowed to go in there or talk to him while he was doing them.... every night after work he would punch away on a calculator in frustration... as I child I dreaded the thought of having to one day do my own taxes... Thank you Intuit for Turbo Tax wow 30whole mins of my time BAM refund and DONE!!!  Seriously unless you are Rainman this is a must have for tax time.

Topic 11: easy 0.41101 needed 0.06408 thanks 0.02698 usual 0.01571 navigate 0.01323 liked 0.00988 understand 0.00753 relatively 0.00579 load 0.0054 proof 0.00213
 How Many: 47150
Liken doing your taxes as going into battle... Only an idiot would go into battle unprepared with only a Block for his defense If you want to kick some butt and get the job done quickly, bring Reese and Shaw onto your team TurboTax is easy to follow, maximizes your return and idiot-proof!  As Larry says: Get er done! Dont be dumb!
Kyd
Its clean .. Easy to understand... Easy to navigate ... All the info i need is right at my fingertips
Accounting made easy.  Quick Books accumulates the pertinent info into easy to print, easy to read, easy to understand reports.  In a word relevant.
Easy to install, easy to use and it covered all the areas I needed it to cover. I like that it checks and rechecks what you have done and especially if I go back and change something.
I was able to take all of my financial data from many former versions of quicken and quickbooks and import successfully and with no hassles to Pro2014. Love it. Easy to use, easy to understand, easy to manipulate as necessary. Download was quick, installation was easy. Wish everything in my world was so uncomplicated!
Very easy to understand and very easy to use. Self explanatory software.
Easy to use and setup easy about time we had it in the uk,had the 2011 version the conversation was easy
Easy to understand directions that made it easy to file married/jointly for the first time easy
Easy,Easy,Easy to use
Easy peasy. It was very fast and uncomplicated and very easy to file. I think it took about 30minutes . That includes 5 minutes of griping before I started.

Topic 12: really 0.05239 online 0.04981 version 0.04737 2014 0.03832 2013 0.02991 feature 0.02396 nice 0.0214 app 0.02104 mobile 0.01947 2012 0.01741
 How Many: 47150
3/13/14 Works well on PC & less so on iPhone 4s. Rev 7 improved functionality in register displays and interaction with imported transactions.  Particularly like IDEA of the new photograph your receipt/document with the Mobile App, BUT even with Rev 7, it DOES NOT WORK reliably...enter transaction, take photo, then exit smartly to the phone's home screen! [transaction lost :-( ] Work around is to take photo in Camera Roll, then access photo from Quicken Mobile to attach to transaction.  You can then delete the photo from Camera Roll to save space...cumbersome, but it works  Couple of problems with Mobile App: 1.  Memo line cannot be accessed on iPhone 4s because it appears too low on the screen (it was accessible on 2013);  2.  Would be nice to be able to Split expenditure Categories directly, without having to access after entering the item.
Overall, a worthy upgrade from 2013.  The photo ability for receipts in the smartphone APP is handy but could be better if it allowed more than one photo attachment to be added to a transaction. (For those very long and wordy receipts some insist on dispensing)  Syncing is noticeably faster, but now a bit buggy as errors occur but the accused transaction appears to be correctly entered.  Sometimes, deleting and re-entering cures the problem.  Annoying to have to do that as this never happened in the 2013 version.
The feature in the new Quicken 2014 mobile app that allows you to snap and store receipts is awesome. You have to buy the Quicken 2014 desktop program to use the Quicken 2014 mobile app.  You snap a picture of your receipt with your mobile phone and it will attach itself to the associated spending entry on the Quicken mobile app.

When you sync the mobile data to the desktop data, the receipt's picture is automatically attached to the correct spending entry on the desktop program and stored in the Quicken Cloud, which can then be downloaded to your desktop.  I like to use the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Xerox-Mobile-Wi-fi-Scanner/dp/B0070J9GOU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Xerox Mobile Wi-fi Scanner</a>&nbsp;with my iPhone to get a really good pic of the receipt. That works in the Quicken 2014 app as well, since it will allow you to attach any picture stored on your phone to your spending entry.  It's a very efficient way to keep track of your receipts, especially for business expenditures.

This is a lot better than the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/NeatReceipts-Mobile-Scanner-and-Digital-Filing-System-PC/dp/B001CQFRPO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">NeatReceipts Mobile Scanner and Digital Filing System - PC</a>&nbsp;system since it is all on one app.  The Neat Receipts system requires a lot of steps and a lot of time to attach a picture of a receipt to your spending entry in Quicken.  Their mobile photo system is similar to the Quicken system in that it puts the receipt in the Neat cloud, but it also requires a rather expensive monthly subscription.

My only hesitation about Quicken 2014 is that there are very few other new features in the upgrade, so if the receipt picture feature is not important, then I'm not sure it would be worth the upgrade price, especially if you are upgrading from Quicken 2013.
I've not been able to find any of the bugs or problems indicated during other user reviews from December 2012 time frame. The data on my phone/tablet/pc all synchronize without issues.

WHAT IT NEEDS:
If the mobile [Android] app allowed you to take pictures of your receipts. This would allow me to enter a transaction and attach my receipt to upload/synchronize with my Desktop software.

Currently I have to rely on using the Android App "Cam Scanner" to create receipt images on the go, or when home I have to use my print/scanner. If Intuit added this feature it would skip a lot of steps for their users.

Overall, very happy so far.
This version goes further to bring the product into the 21st Century. With smart updates from the previous 2013 version, This version also has an app that works great on my galaxy S-III Smart Phone. I wished the app would give me access to my 401k data so I could check performance when I am away from my desk top or traveling. I am not sure if the app will work on my Windows Surface RT or any of the Quicken products for that matter. I like the changes that were made for 2014. You would really have to use the older version to appreciate the enhancements in Quicken 2014. For new users I think it's well worth the price; but for users of the older version not so much unless the app is needed for online access via smart phone.
Well, even with all the negative reviews 'I took the plunge' and upgraded from  2011 Deluxe to 2014 Home & Business figuring that I had to do it before April and I had an entire weekend to deal with the pain. There IS some pain. Budgeting is TOTALLY different in 2014. It pretty much wrecked by budget categories and I had to set them up by scratch. If you're hoping that the mobile features will work smoothly in 2014, I hate to tell you that they do not. For one, you have to tell the mobile setting in the desktop WHICH budget you want to sync. I set one up just for mobile with just the accounts that I want to keep an eye on such as gasoline, groceries, entertainment, dining out etc and then selected my budget called 'mobile' to sync. Guess what?...not only will it not sync to the mobile device in the cloud, I cannot get ANY budget to sync to the mobile device. I have several including iPad Air (iOS 7), iPhone 5 (iOS 7) and Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 (Android 4.3). Yes, I know which buttons to sync. The data migration seemed to go pretty smoothly overall. Bottom line is be prepared to 'futz' with it after you upgrade. I'll come back and update my review after a few weeks or so.

UPDATE 2/10/14 - After playing with it all day today, I got my budget dialed in and the mobile sync working correctly. There is a setting in Quicken to reset the cloud data. This will delete and resync it. So I was able to create a budget that was the few items that was a subset of my desktop budget Go to 'Mobile & Alerts' then 'Quicken Cloud Profile' and then 'Intuit ID, Mobile & Alerts' and then click the link at the bottom that says 'Reset your cloud data'. You'll need to confirm this choice by entering 'yes' but then you should get a good, clean sync of your data. So far, I am impressed for my $59 cost. I was expecting MUCH worse considering the reviews. Stay tuned for another update.

UPDATE 2/17/14 - After having used the product pretty heavily for a week now, I am upgrading to 4 stars. I am very pleased with my upgrade and data migration and the integration and ERROR FREE mobile. My wife and I have been using the mobile side pretty heavily on our iPhones and iPads when we sync the desktop, it has been pulling down the data and putting it in the right place without a problem. The version on my desktop is Release R 6 (23.1.6.15) Go to 'Help' and the 'About Quicken to find your version number. I am saving the last star (5th star) for a 30-60 update from now to see if I can find any 'gotchas'.
The remote capability is an outstanding improvement in using your smart phone to photograph a receipt and have it register both on the smart phone and PC.  It would be nice if you could see a copy of the receipts on the smart phone that were done on a scanner and save in the PC Quicken.  It would also be nice if you could print out all select receipts by selected ranges with one command.  Quicken Deluxe 2014 is the best that I have used so far, but still could use a few more improvements.
The main program remains very similar to the Quicken 2012 version I upgraded from.  The main reason I updated was for the Quicken 2014 App.  It has not disappointing and worked very well.  I now have an easy "on the go" option for both me (primary budget tracker for our house) and my wife to add spending in real time to our checking account register.  My wife is adding her own transactions to the register now vs me doing it from the bank software or via receipt.  This is a big plus.  I like the ability to snap a receipt copy if desired and attach to the transaction.  This is nice for taxes and warranty type purchases.

The investment section of the software still leaves a lot to be desired.  The lack of a robust Mac offering still remains a problem.  My preference is the Mac platform but I have access to a PC and use Quicken on the PC until they come out with a real Mac version.

Summary - Unless you really care about the smartphone app functionality you may be disappointed with this update.
I have been a long time power user of Quicken and upgrade annually, usually several months after each product is released.  I always read reviews with skepticism.  After upgrading to the 2013 release, I was reluctant to use the cloud based mobile application because of the many negative reviews.  The most significant change in 2013 was the functionality improvements of the budgeting process.  I wrote a very positive review of the budgeting efficiencies last year.  This year I finally decided to give mobile a chance so I implemented mobile synchronization.  I must report that I have had no problems with this addition to Quicken 2014.  I am actually rather impressed even though I'm not so sure it has all that many useful purposes.  I have used the photo/scan capability which I find very useful.  The main benefit is that a receipt for a major purchase can be taken on a mobile device and stored with the transaction.  The image is then synchronized to the Quicken application on the desktop or notebook computer and is then readily available for review or later lookup.  I do question, once again, what the rant reviewers are getting so heated up about because I haven't had any of the same issues.  I get the feeling that too many rants are the result of failures by some users to understand the software they are using.  I do believe Quicken Premier 2014 product delivers as advertised.
Quicken Deluxe 2014 is a minor upgrade to Quicken 2013. The GUI is very similar, but there are a few enhancements. If you're happy with 2013, I haven't seen anything in 2014 that would justify any urgency in upgrading. But, I'm a bit of a software addict and like to play with shiny new things, and I'm not concerned about the cost, so here I am.

That being said, I haven't hit any major problems with Quicken 2014 and I love this version, just as I did 2013. I've been using Quicken since 1991, upgrading every year or two. One huge improvement (maybe the only "huge" one) over the previous version is that the cloud sync is immensely faster. In 2013, I'd often just leave the room while the sync was occurring because I knew it would usually take at least 5 minutes. In 2014, it's generally less than 30 seconds and frequently less than 10 seconds.

Topic 13: business 0.08437 quickbooks 0.07674 small 0.03199 accounting 0.02471 payroll 0.02453 home 0.02286 qb 0.0212 pro 0.01717 company 0.01337 new 0.01261
 How Many: 47150
QuickBooks Pro is a great accounting program for small businesses at an affordable price. QuickBooks Premier provides additional features and specialized reports.  QuickBooks is very easy to use once the program is set up for your business. By setting the preferences and customizing QuickBooks, you can tailor it to work for your business--the way you operate. With over 100 reports available, you have more information to monitor your business results, manage accounts receivable, control expenses, and much more! Having good, timely accounting information can help you make better business decisions and be more profitable! Help is readily available with over 40,000 ProAdvisors across the United States. In addition, technology has made remote support and training readily available. With over 85% market share, you're sure to find someone who can help you if you have questions.

Michelle L. Long, CPA, MBA
Author of:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Successful-QuickBooks-Consulting-The-Comprehensive-Guide-to-Starting-and-Growing-a-QuickBooks-Consulting-Business/dp/1434810690/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Successful QuickBooks Consulting: The Comprehensive Guide to Starting and Growing a QuickBooks Consulting Business</a>
Advanced Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor
Member of Intuit Certified Trainer Network
QuickBooks Pro is a great accounting program for small businesses at an affordable price. QuickBooks is very easy to use once the program is set up for your business. By setting the preferences and customizing QuickBooks, you can tailor it to work for your business--the way you operate. With over 100 reports available, you have more information to monitor your business results, manage accounts receivable, control expenses, and much more! Having good, timely accounting information can help you make better business decisions and be more profitable! Help is readily available with over 40,000 ProAdvisors across the United States. In addition, technology has made remote support and training readily available. With over 85% market share, you're sure to find someone who can help you if you have questions.

Michelle L. Long, CPA, MBA
Author of:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Successful-QuickBooks-Consulting-The-Comprehensive-Guide-to-Starting-and-Growing-a-QuickBooks-Consulting-Business/dp/1434810690/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Successful QuickBooks Consulting: The Comprehensive Guide to Starting and Growing a QuickBooks Consulting Business</a>
Advanced Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor
Member of Intuit Certified Trainer Network
QuickBooks Pro is a great accounting program for small businesses at an affordable price.  QuickBooks is very easy to use once the program is set up for your business.  By setting the preferences and customizing QuickBooks, you can tailor it to work for your business--the way you operate.  With over 100 reports available, you have more information to monitor your business results, manage accounts receivable, control expenses, and much more!  Having good, timely accounting information can help you make better business decisions and be more profitable!  Help is readily available with over 40,000 ProAdvisors across the United States.  In addition, technology has made remote support and training readily available.  With over 85% market share, you're sure to find someone who can help you if you have questions.

Michelle L. Long, CPA, MBA
Author of:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Successful-QuickBooks-Consulting-The-Comprehensive-Guide-to-Starting-and-Growing-a-QuickBooks-Consulting-Business/dp/1434810690/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Successful QuickBooks Consulting: The Comprehensive Guide to Starting and Growing a QuickBooks Consulting Business</a>
Advanced Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor
Member of Intuit Certified Trainer Network
I have been using QuickBooks Pro since 1998 and have used it for three small businesses. Its functions are intuitive and more than adequate for my needs.
QuickBooks is the market leader in small business accounting packages. I am amazed at its diverse clientele. I have seen it being used in tractor supply stores, doctor's offices, computer consultants, non-profits, and many others. Someone is probably already using QuickBooks in a business like yours. If at all possible get a book specific to your industry or ask your accountant how to setup your accounting so that it is effective and efficient.
I am writing this review at this time because I am purchasing a copy of QuickBooks for our local Habitat for Humanity affiliate. Most of the affiliates in the US already use QuickBooks. The national office has already written up procedures for setting up QuickBooks to manage the local affiliate's accounting. The combination of existing procedures, several volunteers with QuickBooks experience, and some additional functionality over Peachtree has made a compelling argument for the affiliate to change over to QuickBooks.
I have been using QuickBooks Pro since 1998 and have used it for three small businesses. Its functions are intuitive and more than adequate for my needs.
QuickBooks is the market leader in small business accounting packages. I am amazed at its diverse clientele. I have seen it being used in tractor supply stores, doctor's offices, computer consultants, non-profits, and many others. Someone is probably already using QuickBooks in a business like yours. If at all possible get a book specific to your industry or ask your accountant how to setup your accounting so that it is effective and efficient.
I am writing this review at this time because I am purchasing a copy of QuickBooks for our local Habitat for Humanity affiliate. Most of the affiliates in the US already use QuickBooks. The national office has already written up procedures for setting up QuickBooks to manage the local affiliate's accounting. The combination of existing procedures, several volunteers with QuickBooks experience, and some additional functionality over Peachtree has made a compelling argument for the affiliate to change over to QuickBooks.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/QuickBooks-Pro-with-Enhanced-Payroll-2014-Download/dp/B00E7XBH4E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">QuickBooks Pro with Enhanced Payroll 2014 [Download</a>]I have used QB since 2007 for my small business, each year I look forward to the new features which make my job as a business owner, manager, accountant, payroll admin, receptionist and the many hats I wear so much easier. One of my favorite new features is the new email capabilities, it is a much smoother process when I need to email any forms to my customers and the new layout is so much more intuitive.
This product is great, it organizes your finance. I like to use it when I am looking for a certain transaction, you can find it immediately. Have you ever tried to look through pages and pages of your checkbook register?

It is great at tax time also, just bring up the tax related tranactions and print it out and take it with you to get your taxes done or use it if filing your taxes yourself.

Quicken is great when a payee stated they didn't receive your payment. Just look it up on Quicken and give the payee also the details.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Indian-Maiden-w-Wolves-Framed-Indian-Picture/dp/B0033E1K0E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Indian Maiden w/ Wolves Framed Indian Picture</a><a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Framed-Indian-BRAVES-Picture-Native-American-Art-9-x-11-including-frame-Reproduction/dp/B0033DP1AA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Framed Indian BRAVES Picture Native American Art 9 x 11 (including frame) Reproduction</a><a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Framed-Indian-WOLVES-Picture-Native-American-Art-9-x-11-including-frame-WOLF-Reproduction/dp/B0033DV6J0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Framed Indian WOLVES Picture Native American Art 9 x 11 (including frame) WOLF Reproduction</a><a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Framed-Indian-EAGLES-Picture-Native-American-Art-9-x-11-including-frame-Reproduction/dp/B0033EH030/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Framed Indian EAGLES Picture Native American Art 9 x 11 (including frame) Reproduction</a>
Compared with popular law office software, Quickboooks does a far better job of handling the accounting functions within a small law practice:- billed time, billable office expense and third-party billable charges. It makes it easier to track A/R and A/P, and to produce usable financial statements<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/QuickBooks-Pro-2011/dp/B003YJ5ESM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">QuickBooks Pro 2011</a>
Quickbooks 2011 is just what is needed for the aspiring entrepreneur.  The future for bussiness in now in the hands of those of us who create, inovate, cost cut, and keep finding the better mousetrap.  Quickbooks has seen this future and answered the call.  They have worked diligenly with 2011 to create productivitiy opportunites that matter.  I am very competative because of many tools I use to take the edge in productivity.  In quickbooks 2011 they have done changes internally such as tools for viewing data at a glance the helps greatly.  More importanly to me, they have allowed quickbooks to work with a variety of other services such as viewyourpaycheck, payment network, echeck, and many authomated processes for payroll and taxes.  These tools not only save me from countless errors, but give me much more time to run my business.  They have tried to break the barrier of making quickbooks multiuser for my employees with datat on the internet thru things like customer manager online.  They pulled the plug on customer manager online after a learning curve on makeing that inevitable migration to the intenet.  It is a big but necessary hurdle which I sure they will make a run at once again.  As long as Quickbooks endures the trails and errors of inovation I will be there with them, because that is what winners do.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/QuickBooks-Pro-2011/dp/B003YJ5ESM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">QuickBooks Pro 2011</a>
We recommend QuickBooks Pro to all businesses that have not yet set up their accounting system. QuickBooks Pro is great for the Sole Proprietor or a growing company with multi-million dollar sales. There are a wide variety of reports to provide the business owner and/or upper management with financial information so they can make the smart informed decisions needed to run a successful business.

Topic 14: year 0.31852 best 0.07237 help 0.06285 15 0.01982 end 0.01876 difficult 0.01193 intuitive 0.0117 glad 0.011 early 0.00952 market 0.00856
 How Many: 47150
I use TurboTax year after year, never fails to deliver results, the user interface improves year to year, great product I will buy it aging next year.
TurboTax is what I have been using for years. It is the #1 tax product, but has some flaws. It is not always clear on what is completed and what is not when you go back to look. Some parts of the software are not intuitive and others are not very clearly explained. The prior year previously populated the current year, but no longer does that. And the multi-year summaries that were so helpful are no longer supported. However, you do get some rough comparisons to the prior year at the end.
I have used Quicken Deluxe for about 15 years.  It is the best and continues to improve each and every year.
Yeah, what can I say...  Taxes.  Hate taxes.  This made it easier.  4th year in a row for me.  There will be a 5th year.
Tried them all. This is the best tax software year after year. I have been using Turbo Tax for the past 10 years and will use nothing else. Pays for itself year after year. Thanks Intuit !!!!!!!!!
Tried them all. This is the best tax software year after year. I have been using Turbo Tax for the past 10 years and will use nothing else. Pays for itself year after year. Thanks Intuit !!!!!!!!!
Great job listening to customers and fixing things this year!  Made my taxes easy again this year for the 10th year in a row!
I have been a user for over 15 years and it is hands down the best tax preparation software and EZ to use.  However, the best part the online tech help is efficient and you do not have to usually wait a long time for help.  Amazing
Year after year this is one of best tax software programs available and it works better year after year. It always seems to ask all the questions to help me find all the forms and deductions I am entitled to on my taxes.  I would buy this program again next year for its ease of use and reliability.
Best to use year after year. Brings forward year after year info for prior years. Gives good hints about what may be missing/needed.

Topic 15: download 0.04065 problems 0.03002 problem 0.02469 version 0.02141 issues 0.01945 update 0.01896 computer 0.01892 data 0.01886 did 0.01838 file 0.01669
 How Many: 47150
Another review lambasted this version of TurboTax for not working with Mac's Snow Leopard (OSX 10.6.8).  It very well may not have worked for them.  HOWEVER, the information they gave to determine if it will work or not was totally wrong.  By their information my system would not have worked, but indeed it does.  If you follow the tech support links they provided to Intuit, then to Apple, you get to [...]  which has a little table to show you what processor is 64 bit:

Intel Core Solo  32 bit
Intel Core Duo  32 bit
Intel Core 2 Duo  64 bit
Intel Quad-Core Xeon  64 bit
Dual-Core Intel Xeon  64 bit
Quad-Core Intel Xeon  64 bit
Core i3  64 bit
Core i5  64 bit
Core i7  64 bit

If so, you can run this version of TurboTax.  For instance, my 2010 iMac uses a Core i3 processor, which is 64 bit, and TurboTax works.  However by the other incorrect reviewer's reply, my computer would have "failed".
TurboTax 2011 Deluxe will install Microsoft .Net Framework 4.0 if it is not already installed.  This information os based on an install on Windows XP with Service Pack 3:

Summary: If using Microsoft Security Essentials, TURN IT OFF before allowing TurboTax to install Microsoft .Net Framework 4.0 to avoid the following problem:

Details of what happened during install:
1) TurboTax Deluxe 2011 tried installing Microsoft .Net Framework 4.0 but encountered an unspecified error (Microsoft Security Essentials was running),

2) After the error, it started on a 4 step process to try to correct the error, and this process ran for at least 15 minutes,

3) however, the process did not succeed and returned an error message to that effect.  There was also a link to get more information on the error.  When clicking on that link, it opened a "Solution Notification Signup" page on Intuit's site saying that they currently do not have a solution to the error that was encountered, prompting for your name, email and phone number in order to be notified when they do have a solution,

4) I decided to skip that and restart the PC and try the install again,

5) On rebooting and re-startup, I received an error box for "Microsoft Security Client" with an error code (0X80040154).  I checked and found that Microsoft Security Essentials was not running after this reboot and error,

6) I restarted the TurboTax Deluxe 2011 install, and this time, the Microsoft .Net Framework 4.0 install completed successfully (fairly quickly), and after that the remainder of the TurboTax Deluxe 2011 install completed without any errors,

7) Before running the TurboTax Deluxe 2011 Updates, I reopened Microsoft Security Essentials from the start menu (I did not have to reinstall the program), and it restarted without any problems,

8) just to be sure, I rebooted the PC again, this time Microsoft Security Essentials opened and ran normally, and I then reopened the TurboTax Deluxe 2011 program, and updated and ran the program without any problems.

If any further problems develop, I will post an update to this review.  This might also happen with other antivirus security programs, but I am not able to check or verify that.
It took 10 minutes to download the installer, download the product and install the product (Emachines - Celeron, 1GB, WinXP, Broadband cable).
Product runs great.
Always be mindful when reading reviews with complaints about download issues or software performance that the issue is often not the download site or the software (hardware, connection speed, other processes running, etc all contribute to the experience).
Download - ran download through IE with no issues, running Norton antivirus with no issues.  Disabling a firewall when downloading a product is not unusual.
Product performance - My system setup (above) has no issues running the software.  The splash screen will display during startup while the software searches for updates, so the length of time the splash screen shows is dependent on many factors, one of which is the internet connection.  If you experience what feels like a hang, disable the automatic update.  Without the auto update turned on TT started within 10 seconds on my Celeron system.
So I highly recommend the software, but if you do anything on the internet you should have a broadband connection.  Dial-up is no longer an option with the amount of data that needs to be transferred, even with simple web surfing, especially as sites become more and more graphics intensive.
It took 10 minutes to download the installer, download the product and install the product (Emachines - Celeron, 1GB, WinXP, Broadband cable).
Product runs great.
Always be mindful when reading reviews with complaints about download issues or software performance that the issue is often not the download site or the software (hardware, connection speed, other processes running, etc all contribute to the experience).
Download - ran download through IE with no issues, running Norton antivirus with no issues.  Disabling a firewall when downloading a product is not unusual.
Product performance - My system setup (above) has no issues running the software.  The splash screen will display during startup while the software searches for updates, so the length of time the splash screen shows is dependent on many factors, one of which is the internet connection.  If you experience what feels like a hang, disable the automatic update.  Without the auto update turned on TT started within 10 seconds on my Celeron system.
So I highly recommend the software, but if you do anything on the internet you should have a broadband connection.  Dial-up is no longer an option with the amount of data that needs to be transferred, even with simple web surfing, especially as sites become more and more graphics intensive.
I've been using QuickBooks since 1999, having owned QuickBooks 99, 01, 2003 and 2006.  I'm by no means a QuickBooks expert, however.  I reluctantly bought the 2010 version since my 2006 version is no longer supported and I was starting to have some issues.  I'm running Windows 7 64 bit on an Intel Core i7 920 machine with 6GB of DDR3 RAM.

The purchase process did not go smoothly.  I wanted to use my business credit card for the purchase and added it, but Amazon still charged it to my personal card.  That's more of a complaint with Amazon and not QuickBooks, however.

I wasn't able to download the product immediately.  I received a message that the "process was taking longer than expected" with instructions that an email would be sent when the product was ready to be downloaded (about fifteen minutes later).  The download itself went fairly smoothly.  The 467 MB file only took a few minutes on my high-speed Comcast cable internet connection.

After downloading it, however, I ran into a problem with the installation.  It stalled during the installation of MSXML 4.0.  I made note of the suggestion by a previous reviewer to download a copy directly from Intuit (which I did), however I wanted THIS copy to work and was determined to make it do so.  Since the problem appeared related to MSXML 4.0, I downloaded a copy directly from Microsoft.  I let the MSXML 4.0 installation package remove what the QuickBooks package installed then installed a fresh copy of MSXML 4.0.  I noticed that the UAC popped up a few times requesting permission to install at various times and I think this is what was causing the QuickBooks install package to stall since it didn't ask.  Once the MSXML 4.0 installation was done, I reattempted the Amazon copy of the QuickBooks installation and finished successfully.

Since the problem appears to be permission-related, I would recommend right-clicking on the downloaded Amazon file and select "Run as administrator."  That may solve the permissions problem.  I may do a test install on my other Windows 7 computer and see if it goes smoothly.  If so, I'll edit this review and update it with the results.  Otherwise, Google "download MSXML 4.0" and you'll be able to download and install MSXML 4.0 (SP2) directly.
I am being forced to upgrade from Quicken Home & Business 2010 which expires April 30, 2013 to QH&B 2013. After reading all the horrible reviews about QH&B 2013, I held off upgrading until I had finished my 2012 tax return. My strategy was to have a trial run with QH&B 2013 before installing the software on my main laptop. I took a backup laptop an installed QH&B 2010, updated the program and transferred my data. Everything worked fine with the 2010 version, so I then uninstalled the 2010 program, leaving my data unaffected in a separate file. I then attempted to install QH&B 2013 on my backup laptop, the first attempt failed but the second try was successful. Everything about the 2013 program and my data appeared normal, so I turned my attention to my primary computer.
  I uninstalled QH&B 2010 from my primary computer and installed QH&B 2013. It took 11 minutes to load the program and updates using Windows 7 and a cable connection. I did not have to disable the AVG antivirus software. Even doing the install this way does not relieve the uneasiness until the primary laptop is up and running with Quicken Home and Business 2013.
Not sure why people have been having issues, but this digital download installed and worked flawlessly on my iMac (20-inch Early 2008) running Snow Leopard (10.6.8) in 32 bit mode.  The processor is an Intel Core Duo and I have 4 GB of RAM installed.

When I go to the black Apple at the top-right side of the screen, click on it, select "About This Mac", click the "More Info" button, Apple's System Profiler application launches.  On the left-side of the System Profiler window, I select "Software".  The "64-bit Kernel and Extensions" line on the right of the window reads "No", so I know I'm in 32 bit mode.

I'm very satisfied with this year's TurboTax Deluxe for Mac and would not hesitate recommending it to others.

If you want to be really safe, you may want to go to Apple's knowledge-base to see if your computer is CAPABLE of booting in 64 bit mode.  You can find the article on Apple's website at the following URL:[...] . Also, if you test yourself to see if your Mac running Snow Leopard will boot in 64 bit mode, just restart the computer and hold down the "6" and "4" buttons until you get to your Finder/desktop.  If you follow the steps from my second paragraph above, the "64-bit Kernel and Extensions" line on the right of the window will read "Yes", if you are booted I'm in 64 bit mode.  If the Mac you own DOES NOT use the 64-bit kernel by default in Mac OS X v10.6, then the next time you restart your Mac, it will boot back up in 32 bit mode.  If your Mac uses the 64-bit kernel by default, you can start up with the 32-bit kernel by holding the 3 and 2 keys during startup.

Again, I downloaded, installed and used this copy of TurboTax Deluxe in 32 bit on my iMac (20-inch Early 2008) Core 2 Duo without any problems at all.

Hope this helps some confused shoppers!
I was hesitant to purchase based on some of the posted messages about issues with downloading and running on Windows 7 OS.
I went ahead anyway and downloaded the software.  I had no issues with download or install.  Upon clicking the icon on the desktop to start turbotax, the initial splash screen would open, but the software would not run after that point.  This was easily solved by searching out the turbotax.exe file and right clicking and adjusting the compatibility to run in Windows XP SP3 mode and to run as an administrator.  No issues since.
Having seen some of the horror stories posted here I decided that what these reviews need is a post about how to install Quicken.  I was able to upgrade successfully on the first try following the instructions below.

--Why I Decided To Upgrade--
With my online updates on my 2010 version expiring, I was forced to upgrade to 2013.  While I was disappointed that I needed to buy a new version, I understand that Intuit needs to have some sort of revenue stream and they cannot reasonably support 10 different versions simultaneously.

--About My Setup--
I am running an older PC (about 6 to 7 years old, single processor) running Windows XP.  I run Quicken under an account with Administrator rights. I have multiple drives in the PC and store my Quicken files to a different location from the program files.  I have antivirus software (Norton 360) which I forgot to disable during installation, but that might not be a bad idea.

--Installation Instructions--
1) Make a copy of your Quicken file (in Quicken: File\Save a copy as) and label it pre-upgrade 2013 or something similar.

2) Open the new copy and remove your password from the file.  (File\Set Password -- enter old password and leave new password fields blank).  The vault password can stay.  Close Quicken.

3) Make sure your Windows user account has admin rights on the PC including full rights to C:\program files\quicken (or wherever you installed quicken).  And rights to wherever you save your quicken file.  For me this is on a separate drive.

4) I downloaded the file from Amazon, clicking the link during the download to change the directory where it saves the file.  This way I have the file in case I need it again.  After downloading completed, I exited the installer, responding that yes I really did want to exit the installation.  Now I gave the installation file a logical name (Quicken 2013 Installation) and copied it to a local drive (My C Drive) where I double clicked it and ran it.

5) I started the installation and ran through the prompts which were painless.  In a short time it began to install updates which took about 10 to 15 minutes to complete on my DSL connection.

6) After installing the updates Quicken will start and prompt you to upgrade your Quicken file.  It automatically uses the last one you previously used.  I stepped away at this point but I believe it completed in less than 5 minutes.

7) Quicken starts and asks you to download transactions.  I entered my vault password and it connected to my various institutions without a problem.

8) In Quicken I created a new file that I labeled Post 2013 Conversion (File\Save a copy as).  I opened the new file and put a password on the new file (File\Set password for this data file).

9) After I determined that the features I needed were working correctly I securely erased the two non-password protected Quicken files I had created (one pre-conversion -- now in the Q10 sub-directory automatically created during installation -- and one post-conversion).  Use your favorite Eraser program.  Note that I still kept copies of my old 2010 password protected Quicken files. In case I ever need to go back I can reinstall 2010 to get at those files.

--Post Installation Performance--
After running through the above installation I noted the following:

1) After installation I am on release 10 (R10 22.1.10.2) of the software.  You can check this from Help\About Quicken.

2) My Saved Reports were imported into the new version and looked to be the same as before.  I do not use budgeting, so I did not test those reports or functions.

3) There were no problems downloading transactions from my institutions.

4) I had no sluggishness editing transactions.

5) I had the same number of uncategorized transactions pre and post conversion.

6) I have not tried the mobile app and did not test that.  I'm not sure if I will -- at least for a while -- since it seems to be a bit of a security risk should you lose your mobile device.

That's it.  Honestly it took longer to write this than to do it.  Hopefully this helps some people.
Updated from Quicken 2014 as part of switch to a new laptop with Windows 10, was running Windows 2007 on the previous laptop. To my surprise, the transfer of data from the old version and old laptop went pretty well. I purchased the CD version of the program from Amazon, install from CD took less than 5 minutes. I used an external hard drive to copy and move my Quicken files from the old computer; that file transfer went well, following the prompt on the Quicken 2016 screen. One hitch at that point: I was unable to open the new program until I registered it, but got an "unable to connect at this time error" from the login screen. Went to the Quicken website, found a link for a chat session, rep. told me I needed to download a "Mondo update" for the program, and provided the link. Followed those instructions, program opened without a hitch, all my data transferred intact. Whole process of new install and transfer of data took about 20 minutes, including the chat session. Haven't tried to use the new program yet. I was happy with 2014 version, but figured it was only a matter of time before support for it ran out, so just bit the bullet and bought 2016.

Topic 16: just 0.16077 better 0.0849 way 0.08086 easier 0.0648 got 0.05367 getting 0.04111 started 0.0214 thought 0.01713 keeps 0.01712 old 0.01089
 How Many: 47150
keeps getting better and better and easier and easier to use
I have been using Quicken since the 1980's.  It just keeps getting better and easier to use.  My only pet peeve is the auto naming and automated categorization.  It assumes much too much!!
Over the years this has either gotten easier to use or I'm getting better at doing our taxes. I think it got easier to use!
Once I got the hang of this program (I use to do everything by hand the old fashioned way) everything runs smoothly.  I was a little frustrated when I first started, but hung in there until it started making sense.
I have been using Quicken since the mid eighties, and it just keeps getting better and better. I'd recommend it to anyone.
I have been using TurbTax for over 10 years ... it has come a long way and just keeps getting better and easier!

Thanks TurboTax!
Sense I'm only 11 year old I don't think it's much fun, my other games are way better. But my dad seems to like it just fine, I don't get the old generation they just don't know how to have fun.
I have used Turbo Tax for many years and the product keeps getting better and better.  Now "Its Deductible" is part of the package.  You can hardly go wrong if you follow the instructions.  And, efile is way cool.
The best just keeps getting better and easier.  Until Washington wises up and simplifies the code, this is the go-to tax software.
I have used Quicken for years and it just keeps getting better and better.

Topic 17: program 0.10793 make 0.03396 things 0.02275 sure 0.01976 check 0.01529 different 0.01496 changes 0.01482 want 0.01329 change 0.01329 line 0.01093
 How Many: 47150
Every time Intuit updates QB for Mac, it gets a little better and a little more user friendly. I do have a few problems with it, though.
1 - They have changed the placement options for the toolbar. You can no longer keep it at the top or bottom of the screen, only the left or right. You also cannot completely hide it like the Mac dock. You also cannot keep it in the fully open position. These are all annoyances for me as I prefer the toolbar to be at the top of the screen and hidden until I need to use it, at which time I want it to be immediately available. I have written to Intuit and they claim that it is too problematic to make that option possible, and that most of their customers prefer this new set up. I'm not buying it, but that's what they claim.
2 - They still have done NOTHING to improve the Layout Designer. It's extremely awkward to use, and there are times when I spend hours setting up a template but my changes aren't saved the way I set them or they print differently than they look on screen. (And yes, I did save my changes!) My biggest problem is with the fonts, particularly setting the page number font. I was able to choose a font several versions ago, but now there is absolutely no way to correct or change it. The strange thing is that when I went into Layout Designer again to try to fix it, it screwed with the font in another field in the layout, and now that field's vertical alignment is off and it copied the font style and size from the page number (that I have been trying to change). No matter how many times I try to set the correct font in that field, it still prints the page number font.
3 - In the Write Checks or Write Credit Card Charges windows, if you're not careful, you may end up typing over a previous entry, if that's what you had been looking at previously. Also, the Recalc button is now in an awkward location. And the date always defaults back to Today's Date, even if I am entering older receipts. Also, if you sometimes enter check info by item, as I do for some checks, it defaults back to the expenses tab. Intuit claims that if you have previously entered that vendor using the items tab, it should remember that and open a new check with that tab showing, but that only happens sometimes.
4 - There were no clear instructions that came with the upgrade that show step by step instructions on the new features.
5 - I'm tired of calling customer service and getting agents who are clearly not from this country and honestly can't understand exactly the problem I'm trying to explain. Although they do speak English, there are connotations that are lost on them, and they are often very rude and abrupt. There are exceptions to this, as my last conversation with one of these agents was very positive. He was very knowledgable and polite. But this has not been the general rule.

I know I have pointed out all the negatives, and I'm sure there are other changes that I have forgotten to write about, but honestly, aside from these poorly thought out modifications, the program seems to be an improvement overall.
When entering security purchases, if the price times the number of shares doesn't match the total dollars (because one or the other was entered incorrectly), the program wants to default to the total dollars being correct, and I think that is the worst choice.  Preference would be for it to simply tell you there is an error and allow you to fix it.

The other complaint is that when you ask to reconcile a brokerage account that doesn't have a matching cash account, the program defaults to today's date as the date of the statement.  I have never seen that be correct, and think the program should always default to the last day of the prior month.  Infinitely more likely to be correct, and always changeable if it isn't.
I'm running Quicken 2008 (Q08) under 32-bit Vista Ultimate.  I had no problem with the installation except that it adds 4 icons to my desktop without asking.  As part of the installation, Quicken asks if it should get updates.  Right now, R2 (increasing the cryptography key length) is available, so you should say yes.  Upon first entering the program, it asks about data.  I told it to use my existing data on the disk and it found it under the Documents folder without trouble.  It converted my Quicken 2005 (Q05) data to the Q08 format and stored a copy of my old stuff in another directory.  It also noticed that I had been using Quicken Premier and offered to unlock the Premier stuff (for a fee, I assume).  It then asked if I wanted to register now or later.  Afterwards, it showed me information about various new things that might help the upgrade process.  As for the program, other than the summary screens, it doesn't seem that much different from Q05.  A few tweaks.  But, it pretty much feels the same.  I had quite a bit of trouble with the Q05 under Vista.  Those problems seem to be fixed now.

One positive thing is that my file size for Q08 is much smaller than that for Q05 (others on-line say they don't see much of a difference).  For my two QDF files, one went from 28MB to 17MB, and the other went from 15MB to 7MB.  It's possible the difference could be from data fragmentation in the old files while the newly converted versions are still compact from the conversion process.  But, that's an awfully big difference.

Coming from Q05, I'm finding Q08's window scrolling using the mouse scroll wheel to be a bit random.  I never noticed this in Q05.  Basically, I can never tell whether the scroll wheel on my Logitech MX600 Cordless Laser Mouse will actually scroll on any given window.  In Q05, the scroll wheel worked whenever the mouse cursor was even hovering over the frame in question.  Now, I sometimes have to click on the frame to get the scroll wheel to work.  Plus, it looks like merely clicking in the border of the frame isn't enough.  I actually have to click in the scrollable area.  I haven't been able to pin down the behavior yet since something won't work one time but will the next time.  The problem is compounded since Quicken doesn't give any indication of which frame has the focus.

Also, Q08's "One Step Update" "To Do" list is a tad awkward to use.  By "To Do" list, I'm talking about the window (entitled "One Step Update Settings") that pops up after telling Q08 to do a "One Step Update" and entering the password.  Unfortunately, the list of planned things under the "Financial Institutions" section (which fit very nicely in Q05's box) no longer fits in Q08's.  To see everything, I have to scroll.  That leads to Q08's scrolling problem.  Unfortunately, since the necessary click has to be in the actual scrollable area of the "To Do" list, I've ended up de-selecting things when all I want to do is scroll the list.  The same scrolling problem happens on the Status list at the end of the update.  Another interesting thing is the "One Step Update Summary" screen after the update.  Down at the bottom, it has a section for what it did with Quicken.com.  That section is always collapsed.  It doesn't have much in it (just saying x accounts were synched online), but it ought to default to un-collapsed (especially when it contains info) or to whatever I set it to last time.

Intuit has also replaced Classes with Tags.  I don't see the point in the change:  they seem to work about the same.  One problem with Tags is that there's a Tag field in the Register instead of the Class just being appended to the Category.  That's no problem with only one Category.  But, if you have splits (which almost all my transactions do), then along with the Category field saying "--Split--," there's now a Tag field saying "--Split--" (and the Tag field's split isn't enterable or editable). All this seems to do is clutter up the Register.  It's possible to remove the Tag field from the Register entirely through the Options area.  As far as I can see, that lets Quicken function using the Class interface from previous versions (that's what I'm using).

Unfortunately, there are also problems with this version that have existed for years.  Things I've personally run into:
- since at least Quicken 2004 and possibly Quicken 2003, Quicken seems to randomly blank out the Maturity Date of CDs in the Security List and list them as 0/0/1900 in the Alerts Center.  There doesn't seem to be a way to delete these old Maturity Date alerts.
- since at least Q05, going to an investment account, loading up the Fundamentals screen, and then clicking on the "Industry Debt/Equity" header or the company's "Debt/Equity" header, the list of equities appears to sort.  But, the sort order is incorrect.  Sorting on any other column (that I tested) works fine.

I'm not sure if I should classify this as a new problem or an old, non-fixed one.  It involves Quicken Deluxe 2008's Billminder and new Sidebar Gadget.  Billminder has been around for a while and has always had problems either updating or even running.  The updating problem seems to still exist.  But, there's now a problem with reconciling Billminder with the new Sidebar Gadget.  I notice this when I reboot my computer and see that the boot-up Billminder display doesn't match the one I get when I run Billminder from the Sidebar Gadget. Neither of those displays match what the Gadget itself shows me.
Does what I need of it.  However, some of the screens such as the default "Main View" have drop-down lists.  Some of those drop-down lists such as the one for "Bill & Income Reminders", is not wide enough & does not seem to be adjustable.  I then created a new "View" & on it I placed the Bill & Income Reminders table & it is wider than needed, but again, is not adjustable.  "Main View" cuts off the arrow button where you choose Enter to Register, Skip, or Edit.  If it were 3 characters wider, it would all fit.
I have been a Quicken user for well over 10 years and this is probably one of the best releases they have done. With multiple accounts, reconciling is still a minor problem. If you change any entry in any account, all of the same entries change in all accounts. Finding that error can be a problem. What I have done to solve that was to red flag the entry containing the reconciled amount. On the same entry in the "memo" line, I add Balance OK (the amount).This amount is the same for the reconciled amount. The two numbers must match. So in memo, you might have Bal OK ($121.00) And balance column you would have 121.00. If you change an entry in any account, the balance column entry won't match the entry in the parentheses.
If the two numbers don't match, then you have changed an entry somewhere on one of your accounts. Scroll up the entries until you find a red flagged entry that matches the reconciled amount. Your mistake will be found between the matching entry and the non-matching entry. At least you won't have to search through thousands of entries. Good luck.
I have owned every version of Quicken since DOS. Generally, I like it a lot. Just a few things I wish they would fix. I would like to be able to adjust the size of the "tag" column with the two-line display. It only can be changed now using the single-line display. Also, when the "category" box pops up during entries, it goes to the top of the page, and the first choices are off the screen. That's a big bummer, requiring me to back out of accepting a new downloaded entry entirely, and then manually lower the register to a position near the bottom of the screen, in order to be able to see all the category choices.

edit
I don't like to upgrade most of the time.  After reading most of the reviews, I was scared to upgrade.  I waited as long as I could.  I use it for all sort of business and home finances.  I don't like using my mobile for this information, so all the comments about how the mobile was quirky didn't bother me.  I only have 3 things that I think need improving.  1. You can't remove old accounts from the password vault.  I know you can just disable it from the download, but I still don't like seeing it in the list.  I had to set a new ID because the institution made me change the ID.  I don't really feel like killing the whole vault and then setting it back up again.  Intuit should be able to fix this easily.  2. When you download transactions, in the previous versions, you could click on the downloaded transaction and the date field in the register was highlighted.  You could then hit Enter or tab and it would go to the next field in the register to finish entering the transaction.  Now in this version, when you click on the new transaction in the download section, it writes the record to the register and the date field is highlighted.  But, when you hit Enter or tab, nothing happens.  You have to click on the date field with the mouse and then you can hit Enter or tab to move to the next field.  3. Auto complete on the Payee name shows up when you start typing (both versions).  As soon as the Payee shows up, in the old version, you could hit Enter and it would move to the value field.  Now when you hit Enter as the Payee shows, Payee is returned to the Payee field and you stop there.  You have to hit Enter again to move to the next field.  I know this is minor, but after entering thousands of transactions the old way, it kind of breaks the rhythm with this new version.  All else, look is good and still easy to use.
I have used Qucken for my personal checking for years & love it. My only complaint is in the check writing field it defaults to online payment and I have to un-check the box in order to fill in the check field with the address etc on every check. It should default the opposite sense you are more likely writing the physical check rather than an on-line bank draft.
Many reviews comment on the color scheme. At first I was skeptical about what they meant, but after using the program; yes it is a problem. I am going to cover that as well as several other points important to know.

Back up your company files right before loading the new version 2013. It only takes a second, and makes your test drive easily reversible.

You have a choice of jumping off of the diving board by loading the new version of QB 2013 by overwriting the old version, and then converting your existing company files but unconverting them, and restoring them is a major hassle. So the following is important to know.

You can run both versions of QuickBooks (in my case 2010 and 2013) concurrently/at the same time. So you are keeping your old version of QuickBooks intact while you try out the new one. (They currently have a 60 day return policy so take it for a test drive) This is important. When installing it asks you, "Do you want to overwrite your old version?" If you want to test it out and not go through the rigamarole of reconverting, or restoring your old version in case you want to send the new version back, say NO by choosing the option above it in order to write it to a new location. They already have a folder designated to do that when you choose that option and it is called "QuickBooks 2013". Don't worry about choosing your industry edition; you can always change it later from within QuickBooks. Note: If you install it on more than one computer you must install the same industry edition. This way you can try QuickBooks without over writing your existing version, OR converting your current company files over to the 2013 version either. So play with the sample file, or do as I did if you are creating a new company in addition to the old one. So with both version running and open, if I have an order from a customer from one company I can process it without having to open and close companies to access it. In plain words I have one click access to both companies. So both Qbooks versions are open, and both companies are open at the same time. That is something you cannot do if you only have one version of QuickBooks. You can however have two companies open if you install QB into a laptop also. (They allow you one other install but only if you use the same industry edition. So for example if you have a manufacturing company and a retail business they have different industry editions)

So now onto the three pound monster; the color schemes. In 2012 you had the option of choosing an assortment of color schemes. You don't have that option in 2013. That wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't for the fact that they chose colors that create headaches; well at least in some people.  I love the way 2010 looks. It is reminiscent of Outlook 2007 with its soft blues and grays. It is pleasant to look at and easy to read. 2013 has the same icons and choices (how are they going to improve on something in any major way that has been through a zillion years of tweaking to make it Intuit-ive?) BUT they changed it slightly with the biggest problem as I see it (no pun intended) is they included black backgrounds with reversed out white letters. Our eyes get adjusted to that, and then on the same page they have these super soft letters on a bright background which is a seismic shift. I can see what they mean that this could give you a headache after awhile. So I thought I would convert it some by minimizing the left side navigation pane, which is easy to do with one click of the mouse, but the problem is that when you use any one of the features such as invoicing, credit memos, estimates etc up comes those screens with the same black header reversed out and you can't change that.  On a cerebral-vision basis it is not conducive to reducing the workload, but rather increasing it. Your eyes and vision set have to constantly readjust depending on which part of the page you are focusing on.  As soon as you open the program and spend a few minutes with it, you immediate feeling will be how do I change the black headers only to find out you can't. The headers also give you a feeling of the old DOS days; it is real basic and the level of graphics is Neanderthal. The rest of the work area is fine. I don't have any problem with soft lettering, or the nicely colored icons; just change the headers, and/or include some color scheme changes.
What else is there?

I have been using Intuit products since the DOS days in the 80's. Easy to use, intuitive, and great for small businesses. There is no way they are not going to fix this. There are too many people complaining about it. It will have a devastating effect on sales. Intuit is the best and I am sure they will be updating by re-creating the color scheme choice like they had in 2012, or at the very least go back to the pleasant default color scheme in some earlier versions. If they don't hold onto your 2012 version because they are going to become more and more valuable especially if Intuit stops making the 2012 version.

UPDATE: Okay I am going to have to tip my hat because Intuit did "correct" the problem. Why do I put quotes around correct? I don't want to nit pick but I have to be critical. What they did with R6 free update (R9 is out now) is "Company File Color Scheme" option is introduced in the "Desktop View" preference to allow users to change the color of the title bar and the border of QuickBooks windows for a particular company file, which will help users to differentiate between multiple company files. This preference will be replacing the "Company Color Flag" preference introduced in R4 release. We are offering 14 different "Company File Color Scheme" options to apply on various company files. This is a user level preference, which essentially means that various users connected to the same company file can select different colors. (R6)

That was a copy and paste from Intuit of the improvement. What it means is that the title bars have been made adjustable into some really nice colors. My main concern was how the large black background area with white text was creating an eye set, if I can use that expression which was pretty bold, and then you had to re-adjust your eyes in order to see the fine print in lighted out gray in the forms etc. So it was a headache waiting to happen. At first I dismissed others comments but then saw exactly what they were saying, and had to agree with them. So what did Intuit do? They did not get rid of the large black background to the main menu on the left, BUT you can minimize that so it is a small border on the left side of the screen. Then they gave you this option to change the title bar color options with some beautiful colors, while at the same time changing the title bar titles themselves into all caps to help balance the visibility out. All in all it is very useable now.

In all fairness in my 2010 version the invoices for example have black backgrounds with white letters in the inner title bars but the black bars are a lot thinner. 2013 has large black bars still. BUT with the other changes it is very manageable, and I would now have to say that I give the whole program a triple thumbs up and 5 stars. I also must admit that the left main menu is easier to read with a black background and white letters, rather than a lesser contrast option so they did good. The fact that you can minimize that whole window, and then you are working almost exclusively in your color choice (and the ones they give you are beautiful) makes this a top drawer program. I am once again in love with Quickbooks, yes even the 2013 version.
Users of the old UK versions of Quicken will find that it will not work on Windows 7 and many seem to be looking for a replacement since Quicken left the UK market some years ago. There are no really decent UK home finance programs.  The answer is to buy the US version of Quicken Deluxe.  It is easy to convert it so that British Pounds are your home currency.  First off, choose Edit menu>Preferences>Quicken Program.  Then select Calendar and Currencies and then tick the box marked Multicurrency Support.  After that, click on Tools in the menu bar, then select Currency List, select UK Pound Sterling in the list and then click Home and OK.  After that everything will be in Pounds.

Quicken will allow you to open accounts in foreign currencies like the Euro if you have them and handles foreign currency much better that the rival programs.

There are some Americanisms like "check" instead of "cheque" but they don't get in the way.  Also, when you register,  you need to disable the registration prompt because it needs a valid US based address.  To do this, hold down the CTRL and SHIFT keys and click on the Tools menu then One Step Update.  I didn't know this so that I now live in Alaska and my zip code is 12345!

When setting up new accounts, check the "Advanced Setup" at the top of the first box and then select manual entry to avoid problems.  After that, all will be well.

Quicken beats all the other home banking and finance programs hand down; it makes the competition look amateur.  It is so much easier to work and much more sophisticated.  It won't copy your previous Quicken data, but none of the other programs will either, despite what they claim.

Topic 18: far 0.05334 helpful 0.03519 quickly 0.03422 complete 0.03376 ease 0.02707 came 0.02615 gets 0.02526 satisfied 0.02458 couldn 0.01922 helped 0.01521
 How Many: 47150
I have been using TurboTax since the ancent past when it was a DOS program from ChipSoft. Intuit seems to improve the product each year. They stay ahead of the ever changing IRS rules and regulations. TurboTax is a unique product. It sells hundreds of thousands of copies that require constant updating and the product will be obsolete in four months. The product relys on WEB connectivity to quickly respond to tax law changes. No product that deals with the IRS could ever earn five stars but TurboTax gets as close as it can in a very imperfect world.
I have been using TurboTax since the ancent past when it was a DOS program from ChipSoft. Intuit seems to improve the product each year. They stay ahead of the ever changing IRS rules and regulations. TurboTax is a unique product. It sells hundreds of thousands of copies that require constant updating and the product will be obsolete in four months. The product relys on WEB connectivity to quickly respond to tax law changes. No product that deals with the IRS could ever earn five stars but TurboTax gets as close as it can in a very imperfect world.
Overall, I was satisfied with ease of using this product.  My only quibble is the inability to edit what materials can be be sent by E-file to the relevant taxing authority.  For example, a taxpayer may wish to change her withholding allowances in lieu of paying quarterly estmated taxes for an anticipated underpayment of taxes.  With the E-file as presently designed, you do not have the ability to take that option. The California forms were also easy to use.
Overall, I was satisfied with ease of using this product.  My only quibble is the inability to edit what materials can be be sent by E-file to the relevant taxing authority.  For example, a taxpayer may wish to change her withholding allowances in lieu of paying quarterly estmated taxes for an anticipated underpayment of taxes.  With the E-file as presently designed, you do not have the ability to take that option. The California forms were also easy to use.
When Quickbooks initially launched they did not seem to be using - Acccountants, POS customers or the like - only programmers.  I have an unusual background.  My first degree is in Advanced Mgmt & Financial Acctg + a degree in computer programming.  I have owned or managed retail stores.  Working with this broad base of knowledge, when I was invited to be a Beta Tester for this product I jumped up for the opportunity.  I am more then satisfied.  I am a controller for a few small retail outlets and am recommending it as fit to use with the Quickbooks financial solutions software It is indeed compatible and great me as an accountant for year end, along with their tax software.  Bar none this is the best POS product which is indeed very compatible for the CPA or Enrolled Agent to work with.  I give a Thumbs up to this product.
When Quickbooks initially launched they did not seem to be using - Acccountants, POS customers or the like - only programmers.  I have an unusual background.  My first degree is in Advanced Mgmt & Financial Acctg + a degree in computer programming.  I have owned or managed retail stores.  Working with this broad base of knowledge, when I was invited to be a Beta Tester for this product I jumped up for the opportunity.  I am more then satisfied.  I am a controller for a few small retail outlets and am recommending it as fit to use with the Quickbooks financial solutions software It is indeed compatible and great me as an accountant for year end, along with their tax software.  Bar none this is the best POS product which is indeed very compatible for the CPA or Enrolled Agent to work with.  I give a Thumbs up to this product.
This software really helped confirm for me, my suspicions that I am being royally F'ed by my government. Stay thirsty my 47%, stay thirsty.
Had to step  up to Premier from Deluxe after many, many years. Not thrilled with the cost increase but so far the product looks fine.
Had an extremely cordial,  very informative email exchange with Bob Meighan, an Intuit VP,  who responded very, very quickly to my query and could not have been more helpful. I made the connection from his review on this site.
I had a GREAT experience with this software!  I felt that this platform led me through far more detailed questions than I had when I sat down with a representative from a local tax prep franchise. I consistently felt knowledgeable with their ongoing education pop ups and not once did I experience any anxiety that I was doing something wrong or incorrect.  I've used Turbo Tax in the past and switched over to a tax service when my Mom passed away and felt confused by the inheritance income. I wish now I would have trusted myself and Turbo Tax to lead me down the path as I feel I would have understood everything so much more.
I'm even planning on filing an amendment to last year's taxes with Turbo Tax since I realized my preparer did not file my vehicle mileage...gads.  The fact that I have confidence that TT will help me do it correctly speaks volumes to this service. Thanks Intuit- I really appreciate the sense of confidence and control over my taxes that I've not had for the few years without you.
The improvements over the years are outstanding and I am completely satisfied except for the inablility to download my retirement accounts from Morgan Stanley.  I am not sure if the fault lies with Morgn Stanley or Quicken.  I suspect it is MS.

Topic 19: like 0.1656 need 0.09447 don 0.05675 having 0.04082 didn 0.03595 available 0.02533 quite 0.0192 feel 0.01683 especially 0.01564 version 0.01252
 How Many: 47150
I have had Quicken for financial purposes since I was a boy. I am 68 years old. Having just up-dated to the 2014 version, the product is so very similar to what I had from 2011 as to be pretty indistinguishable. Well, maybe the font is little big, but we all need to be flexible.

The upgrade involved migrating 74,567 transactions; would that make me near top of the list? The changeover took all of fifteen minutes or so. Now I realize in this day and age that might be unacceptable, but I got a little nap in and felt fit as a fiddle afterward.

Indeed, I was fearful of all these rumor mongers predicting the end of time, at least as far as my money was concerned. But it went fine, it really did. Perhaps I am just lucky or have a bit of patience. What chagrins me is this apparent mind numbing need to do your business while you are walking down the avenue or having dinner with a delightful woman. I recommend keeping your money matters to yourself, doing them in private, in your home, by yourself, preferably in your underwear. Let's face it, you are boring enough without "managing your finances" in front of or even in the presence of other people. Trust me, you are not that interesting.
Cheapest price I could find.  Better price than Costco. yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada
I have had Quicken for financial purposes since I was a boy.  I am 68 years old.  Having just up-dated to the 2014 version, the product is so very similar to what I had from 2011 as to be pretty indistinguishable.  Well, maybe the font is little big, but we all need to be flexible.

The upgrade involved migrating 74,567 transactions; would that make me near top of the list?  The changeover took all of fifteen minutes or so.  Now I realize in this day and age that might be unacceptable, but I got a little nap in and felt fit as a fiddle afterward.

Indeed, I was fearful of all these rumor mongers predicting the end of time, at least as far as my money was concerned.  But it went fine, it really did.  Perhaps I am just lucky or have a bit of patience.  What chagrins me is this apparent mind numbing need to do your business while you are walking down the avenue or having dinner with a delightful woman.  I recommend keeping your money matters to yourself, doing them in private, in your home, by yourself, preferably in your undewear.  Let's face it, you are boring enough without "managing your finances" in front of or even in the presence of other people.  Trust me, you are not that interesting.

My advice: keep it simple stupid.
First, I've used Quicken since it was a DOS app (that's "pre-Windows" to you younger folks).

Honestly the only reason I upgraded to '09 was because my '06 version was about to stop snagging online updates from my financial institutions.  I'll refrain from commenting on "forced upgrades".  Ooops - I think I just did.

Cranking up '09 on Vista, I'm greeted with a whole new look - which I didn't need.  Like MS' "ribbon toolbar" in Office '07, I had to go figure out where they hid the functions I used - all 3 or 4 of them out of the 496 million apparent options.  I'm sorry, but '09 looks like a "bling" upgrade.  I feel like I've been dinged twice - once for laying out cash to buy the upgrade (shop around) and again for having to find the functions I use.  Was my user experience enhanced by '09?  No way.  My short term productivity was reduced with no long term gain (apparently).  Are there functions in '09 that I could use?  Probably, but I'm not going to take the time to explore it.  I have better things to do, like trying to earn money to pay for it - oh, and writing the occasional scathing review.  OK, maybe not scathing, but I didn't prostrate myself at the foot of a bunch of bits.

Anyone reading this that is interested in me writing other reviews - they might be good or they might be bad, after all it's MY opinion - is free to contact me in any way they can figure out.

Oh... one more thing - '09 didn't run too well on Win7 build 7077, but seems pretty much OK on build 7100, the supposed RC (release candidate).  Not saying that's Intuit's fault, just sharing the info.

Steve
It does taxes. I don't have to get out of bed. I don't have to drive to an H&R block. I don't have to even put on underwear, although I really should, leather recliners and high humidity makes having a ball-spatula handy. You know how David spade and that hot blonde from Joe Dirt saved that dog's frozen balls from the porch? That's what I could have used, hot water and a spatula. I wonder if amazon can same-day a spatula with a brave driver....
Worked just like it should. I will definitely buy again.

The only thing I don't like is having to download the Amazon downloader. Then again, I understand the need as this is what prevents unauthorized downloading.
This was easy to do. We didn't feel like spending the money to go to the tax guy again like we did the first year we got married and had to do our taxes ourselves (parents doing it was sooo much easier haha). But this was perfect and simple. I would suggest going ONCE to an accountant (especially if you do freelance stuff like I do) and then start using Turbo Tax because it's so simple and cheaper.
Really like the look of the shifter and it fits with the theme of my Jeep (old school).  I used it on a Hurst shifter base (the lever that it came with was leaned way over and it was hitting my console).

The Lokar shifter was made to use m8 socket cap bolts, and the Hurst is threaded for 3/8-24 bolts. So, I had to drill out the shifter lever for the bigger bolt, and get some longer bolts and nuts to back them up.

I'm very pleased with the way it turned out and like how much taller the shifter is compared to the original Hurst one.
good stuff  he old stuff works, and I don't get the fancy stuff iadts way over my head
There is always an uncomfortable period, like a pair of shoes or a wool sweater, but I expect eventually it will fit like an old flannel shirt.
I haven't yet figured out where the search button went to from 2012 to 2014, but I expect to find it too.  I don't like (ctrl - F)!

Topic 20: tax 0.18781 turbo 0.08584 state 0.04939 return 0.04 turbotax 0.03301 file 0.02866 filing 0.025 forms 0.02238 federal 0.02123 returns 0.01952
 How Many: 47150
There is a lot of confusion about this. The main distinction to note is that there is a difference between *preparing* a tax return and *e-filing* a tax return.

There is also a difference between *e-filing* a tax return and just *filing* a tax return using TurboTax : E-filing means the prepared tax return is submitted to the tax authority electronically. You can, if you wish, print the prepared tax return instead, put it in an envelope, and sent it to the tax authority by mail - this would be *filing* the tax return, as opposed to *e-filing*.

For the TurboTax Deluxe Fed + Efile + State 2013 software, you are paying for software which will enable you to *prepare* up to 5 Federal tax returns and and *prepare* up to 5 State tax returns for ONE state only.

When it comes to submitting the Federal tax returns, there is no e-filing fee - you can e-file up to 5 Federal tax returns electronically with this software, and there's no additional cost to do so. You can still print them out and mail them in if you wanted do, but I don't see why anyone would want to since e-filing the Federal tax returns is free, unless you have additional documentation the IRS require.

When it comes to submitting the State tax returns, you have two options:
(1) you can print out the prepared tax return, put it in an envelope, and mail it to your state tax authority, and the only cost would be the stamp to send it, OR
(2) you can *e-file* the prepared tax return via TurboTax, and there would be an e-filing fee of $19.95 per tax return to do so.
That's basically all there is to that.

There has also been comments about a $29.95 refund processing fee. I'll explain what I believe this fee is about. When you have finished preparing your state tax return and elect to e-file it for the $19.95 fee mentioned above, you have an option to pay that $19.95 fee online by credit card right there and then, or have it deducted from your state tax refund. If you pay by credit card right there and then, there should not be any return processing fee. If you instead elect to pay that $19.95 fee by having it deducted from your tax return, guess what - you're going to get hit with a $29.95 refund processing fee. That is what that fee is all about, I believe. Clearly it is better to pay the $19.95 by credit card right there and then, if you are able to.

Another point to note: if you need to file tax returns in more than one state, you will have to pay for additional software to *prepare* returns for those additional state(s) - I believe the cost is around $39.95 for each state, and that will allow up to 5 tax returns to be *prepared* (not e-filed) for each state purchased. You will still be subject to another $19.95 e-filing fee for each state return filed as well.

For the 2013 tax year, I am aware New York State are not charging an e-filing fee if your Federal AGI is under $58,000. Whether TurboTax will still charge the fee regardless I am not sure.

If this helped clarify the fee situation for you, please click YES next to the "Was this review helpful to you?" below, and maybe it will stay on top of the reviews list for others with the same questions. Any Intuit TurboTax staff reading this please comment if I've said anything incorrect here and I will amend it accordingly.
I just finished my taxes. One thing I will suggest for those having issues downloading state for extra $39.99 is to update state software, sign out of turbo tax and sign back in. State will be downloaded at no additional cost other than to e file state for $19.99. Those that claim its $19.99 plus $29.99 processing fee to e file state are not mentioning that the $29.99 processing fee is only if you want them to deduct the  $19.99 directly from your return. You can pay by credit card to e file and it will only cost $19.99, no processing fee. So my federal and state taxes are completed and both filed electronically for a total of $60.
I have read several reviews regarding the additional filing fees associated with a state tax return.  With this particular version of TurboTax the federal tax return can be e-filed for free and the state tax return can be e-filed for an additional $19.95 fee.  When setting up the e-file information you have the choice of having the $19.95 state e-filing fee deducted from your return or paid with a credit card.  If you choose to have the fee deducted from your return you are charged an additional $29.95 for using that particular feature.  If you choose to pay the state e-filing fee with a credit card you are not charged an additional $29.95.

Intuit should have described the fees and circumstances under which they are charged more clearly.  Other than that, I love TurboTax and have been using it for over a decade now.
I think that this is one of the best tax filing programs for individuals. It would be better if they included electronic filing for State Returns. As it is, you have to pay extra to file your state return electronically. The alternative is to print out your state return and mail it to your state tax center. This is still cheaper than what TurboTax charges you for electronically filing State returns but it is inconvenient and time consuming. If TurboTax would include electronic filing for State returns, I would give it 5 stars. PH 141001
Worked well. Have used Turbo Tax for years with no real complaint. Only thing I do not like .... the fee to file state tax I feel is too expensive.  Why would I pay $19.99 to file state electronically when I only get $13 back for a refund.  This may be a state charged fee (NC) but I did not see an explanation for the fee.  It only popped up after I chose to file electronically.  One free federal and one free state would be nice in Deluxe (especially when only the download (no disc) option was purchased) ... would prevent having to go back in the program to print state return for filing by mail.  Or at least show in the program earlier, an option to avoid the fee by filing federal electronically for free and printing state forms for filing by mail for free.
I've used TurboTax for over 10 years and never been disappointed with its performance or ease of filing my taxes.  The Deluxe version gives you 1 free electronic filing of your federal taxes and includes a copy of your state taxes, however you do have to pay $19.99 to file your state taxes electronically through TurboTax.  There is no fee if you mail them.

Additionally, if your state is not a "stand alone" state that will accept state taxes e-filed separately from your federal taxes, you MUST file both federal and state taxes at the same time or the state taxes will be rejected as an electronic file and you will have to file them by mail which will take longer if you are expecting a refund.

Also, my federal taxes were accepted on January 29, 2014, which caused a glitch each time I would check on the status of my taxes as the TTax software kept telling me the acceptance date could not be before 1/31/2014 even though it notified me of my early acceptance on the 29th.  For this reason, and because my state taxes were rejected as an electronic file in my non-stand alone state when I filed them the next day and I had to mail them, I deducted 1 star above.  The program should make this clear before you spend the money to file your state taxes.

TurboTax did refund my state filing fee once they determined I could not file electronically and I had already paid the fee, even though they will tell you in chat that the $19.99 fee is not for e-filing but for processing your state form with the program.  I explained to them that if this were True,  it wouldn't be free to print and mail the state forms, i.e., if you don't select e-file, there is no $19.99 charge even though I used the program to do my state taxes.
I love TurboTax and purchase it from Amazon every year to file my taxes.  However, in the past years this software came with one free electronic filing of a state return and $19.99 for an additional state e-filed return.  It now costs $24.99 for each state return you file electronically.  I thought the idea was to encourage people to file electronically.  Since I have two state returns to file for our household, I am not about to electronically file the state returns.  I am not sure if these fees go to TurboTax or the state you are filing in but it's absurd.
Great product, but I think that when TurboTax advertises the Free Federal E-File, they should also emphasize that there is an additional State E-File fee. All I remembered from the purchase was that it was both Federal and State with a free E-File, not the details. Had to go back to the purchase and look up what's included which was Federal and State forms and a free Federal E-file, no mention of the State E-File, one way or another, so I assume it's not included since when filing I got a message about a $19.95 fee to file electronically through TurboTax. Now I know.
We previously paid someone $400 to do our income taxes for us.  We had to gather all of the necessary materials, of course, deliver them and wait.  Now, with Turbo Tax, we gather all of the materials, let Turbo Tax prompt us as to what to enter and when, then we hit send, print a copy, and electronically submit our Federal taxes.  Within six hours we had an "acceptance" notice that all was in order for the IRS.  We sent our state taxes by mail because Turbo Tax was going to charge us $19.99 for submitting them electronically.  The reason I gave four stars was twofold:  1.  The charge to submit the state taxes.  2. The sale price you see on Turbo Tax website has small print stating that it costs more to add the state tax version.  We, in, Michigan (as well as many other states) must file state taxes too.
I have not purchased this product yet but intend to do so soon.  However, I have been using TurboTax for many years.

I think all the people who are outraged by the increased price for TurboTax and the $9.95 extra charge for each additional tax return (printed or e-filed) might not have read the product description carefully:

"You can prepare, print, and e-file additional returns with TurboTax CD/Download.  For just $9.95 per additional return, you get all the features and benefits of TurboTax, like year-over-year transfer and audit support tools.  Plus you can print and federal e-file at no additional charge.  Federal e-filing is now included with every TurboTax federal tax return.  That means customers who e-filed one or more returns last year will actually pay less this year compared to last year."  [TurboTax Web site]

I cannot remember what an e-filing cost last year, but I believe it was between $15 and $20.  So, if an extra return costs $9.95, but the e-filing is free, there would indeed be a savings.  But you have to use e-filing, rather than mailing, to realize the savings.

Topic 21: quicken 0.12621 version 0.03415 new 0.03243 mac 0.02917 accounts 0.02512 upgrade 0.02227 account 0.01714 transactions 0.01709 bank 0.01691 features 0.01622
 How Many: 47150
Quicken Mac 2016 is certainly easier to view than Quicken Windows 2015 on a Mac.  Q2016 appears logical, and appears fairly easy to use, even with investments. It does not yet have the individual easy answer graphing and reporting capability of Quick Mac 2007, or Quicken Windows 2015, but I do find it useable.

Quicken Windows 2015 on a Mac often pops the curser to an unexpected spot, and has frequent Backup notices which interrupt your work. Quicken Mac 2016 does not have this problem. Quicken Mac also keeps the font sizes consistently even, unlike Quicken Windows 2015 on a Mac.

I am currently using all three versions (Quicken Mac 2007 on an older computer using Snow Leopard which still funs my favorite database that current Mac versions won't as well as several other older paid off Adobe programs. I am using the two newer versions of Quicken on a Retina 27" Mac. after a few more months with Quicken Mac 2016, I will probably discontinue using Quicken Windows 2015 on my newer Mac.
I have been using Quicken 2007 for the Mac for several years and recently upgraded to Quicken Essentials, having waited to do so until it supported export to TurboTax.  I use Quicken to track a checking account and a credit card account and to download balances from a number of online savings and investment accounts.  I found Quicken 2007 to be serviceable, although quite pedestrian, with Windows-like sprawling design.  Quicken Essentials is a new animal entirely, offering a thoroughly Mac-like design, more flexible, more intuitively organized, and visually quite pleasing.  Intuit has stressed that this is a completely new product and has clearly pointed out what it can and cannot do, even in the product's name: 'Essentials".  It doesn't seem quite fair, then, for users to complain so bitterly about missing features.  Don't upgrade if the features you need aren't there.  For me, Quicken Essentials does what it promises and does it very well.  Importing and converting accounts from Quicken 2007 was quick and easy.  Setting up online connections to all my accounts, equally so.  The registers are now one line, with moveable columns for transaction amounts, balances, categories, memos, etc.  Tags are a welcome added feature.  Modifying transactions is a snap, thanks to pop-up pick lists.  A couple of new wrinkles are no real reconciling and no transaction download match up window.  These are actually unnecessary now.  Recent downloads are clearly marked in the register, so matchup can be done with quick inspection.  I did have to spend some time deleting matching transactions when I first downloaded to the converted data files, but this was not a big deal.  The program is very good about learning categories and applying these to subsequent transaction downloads.  All accounts can be updated with one click, errors rarely happen and usually succeed on retry.  Beyond the smooth register functionality are some very spiffy graphics, which include an overview of all accounts and pre-set reports like the spending cloud, where you can access data by mousing over the category label, sized according to relative amount spent.  The reports are not as customizable in previous Quicken versions, but they're thoughtfully, even imaginatively done.  I have found them easy and useful.  In all, Quicken Essentials gives me a much better handle on every dollar coming in an going out and does so in elegant simplicity.  If you want a financial program to track brokerage account trades, pay bills, etc., this is not for you.  Granted, there are several features that this version of Quicken does not support.  But if you just want to track income and spending transactions in one place through easy downloads, see investment and savings balances, and export to TurboTax, I think you'll find Quicken Essentials to be a vast improvement over Quicken 2007.
I have been using Quicken for Windows for many years, but had been frustrated because my retirement account balanced always seemed to be off for some reason, and required constant vigilance and tweaking.  I started relying on Mint, because at least my account balances were correct, but couldn't get the historical data and charts I wanted to see.  I had switched to the Mac and was paying for Parallels just so I could run Quicken for Windows.  My Quicken for Windows 2012 was about to expire, so I was happy to see a new Quicken for Mac and took the plunge.  Converting my old Quicken for Windows file did not go well, and I decided it was time to let go.  I set up all my accounts from scratch and the experience has been much better.  The automatic categories and interface are a lot like Mint, but with significant improvements.  I have (some of) the historical data and charting I want, and my retirement and education savings accounts are totaled separately in the dashboard.  I miss the ability to set up a paycheck with all the deductions and transfers.  The online syncing is not great, just syncs your cash accounts, not investments, so I'm still using Mint as an online dashboard.  I'm happy that I no longer need to maintain a Windows Virtual Machine in order to run Quicken for Windows.  Despite Quicken for Mac's limitations, I like the new interface and am happy that it seems to do a better job of syncing my retirement accounts than the old Quicken for Windows.
Overall, I think the look is much smoother than the PC side. This version does include the Calendar, but right now there is a bug in which the totals don't carry over the current balance to the next month if you are looking ahead (forecasting). Once you leave the current month, next month daily totals "reset" to whatever you have scheduled for that day. When downloading new transactions (and if you have a lot of accounts), you will get a summary of the downloads (# of new transactions), but once you click ok if you have not written the accounts down, you have to go through each to see which ones had the new transactions. Really miss the 'red flag' (PC version) to highlight those accounts with new transactions. Still playing with the Mac version but have the PC version still handy to 'check' differences.
Mac Quicken 2016 still does not have full feature parity with Mac Quicken 2007: missing still are monthly income and expense bar graphs, net worth charts showing both assets and liabilities, and fine-grain (account or category level) control over graphs and reports.  That said, 95% of Mac Quicken 2007's functionality is there and Intuit deserves much credit for continuously updating the software with point releases.  For new users, the current version will more than suffice.
I am new to Mac, so I converted from Quicken for Windows over to Quicken for Mac -- so, I'm expecting a learning curve while I continue to improve my Mac-ese.  However, there is one small change that is driving me nuts and creating a LOT of extra manual calculation while balancing to my online bank balance. Knowing that my most recent transactions do not figure into what my bank "knows", in the old version of Quicken, all I had to do was sort by Reconciled/Cleared status. When I performed this sort, a secondary date sort was preserved, newest to oldest.  So, all I had to do was glance at the running balance right next to the last cleared transaction, ignoring all uncleared transactions, and it would match to my online bank balance. Then I could look up to the un-cleared to transactions to quickly scan for any duplicates that required deleting, which occurred quite often.  Now, in Quicken for Mac, sorting by Reconciled status has 2 problems -- the running balance column disappears, making it impossible to compare with my online bank balance, AND the secondary date sort switches from oldest to newest, so I'm faced with data from 1997 which is useless.  This means that to be sure my online bank balance agrees with my cleared transactions, I have to manually subtract each uncleared transaction from the balance Quicken shows. Pain in the tush.
I've been using MS Money since the early 90's and switched to Quicken Windows Premier when MS Money went away.  I'm an expert user of Quicken with dozens of accounts, real estate business, personal business, hundreds of stocks and mutual funds spread across many accounts, retirement accounts, etc.  I've been using Quicken Rental Property Manager 2013 (Windows) for the last three years.  In 2015, I converted from Windows to Mac for my primary computer (I suggest everyone does the same if you haven't already).  Once I was on the Mac, I immediately bought Quicken Mac 2015.  However, it was so bad and impossible to convert correctly from the Windows version I was using that I uninstalled it and continued to run Quicken Windows on the Mac using Crossover (Windows environment app) for the past year.

I'm happy to say Quicken finally made a workable Mac version with this Quicken Mac 2016 edition. It's not perfect and it's very different from the Windows version but it looks better, it's faster, and somewhat intuitive.  The conversion was fairly painless and it brought over decades of data correctly for 99.9% of the transactions.  The only issue you will notice is that the Mac version doesn't allow for "Linked Cash Accounts" connected to Investment Accounts.  Therefore, you should merge your linked cash accounts back with their investment account counterparts before converting (this is a unique feature of Quicken Windows that not everyone uses).  Also, reconcile all your accounts and run "Verifier" in Quicken Windows before attempting to convert your Windows file.  If you do those things, you will have few problems if any and you'll be glad to not have to run a Windows environment on your Mac ever again.  Goodbye Windows and thank you Quicken!
Upgraded from Quicken 2006. Interface is totally different, but improved from old "check register" metaphor. Getting used to the changes but LOVE the improved connectivity to my bank, credit card, investments, mortgages online.
BIGGEST QUESTION: DOES QUICKEN 2016 IMPORT SUCCESSFULLY FROM QUICKEN 2006?
ANSWER: More-or-less, NO.
EXPLANATION: Does NOT accept the import of your entire Quicken data file, or even its backup. But it DOES accept the import of ONE ACCOUNT, exported from your Quicken 2006 software. The procedure:
1) Export your most important account from Quicken 2006 on your old computer.
2) Import that account to a NEW Quicken 2016 file.
That is it. So, for example, you may import your CHECKING account register ... but then you may NOT import your credit card, investment, mortgage, etc accounts.
HOWEVER, with the improved online connectivity, it is easier than ever to re-create those accounts within your new Quicken 2016 file.
As a Quicken Windows user since mid 1990s, I realize the seriousness of migrating to Mac and the seriousness of this review.  I tried in 2015 with "Essentials" and saying that was a bad experience is an understatement.  Nevertheless, because I love my Mac, I tried again.

It is clear to see 2016 version is either a major upgrade or a total rewrite.  Reminiscent of "Mint" in graphics/reports, etc.,  I suspect Intuit did reuse Mint code. 2016 Mac is coming together, for sure. I began writing this review in January, 2016 and was ambivilant about the product. Three months later, I find myself still using this Mac version over Windows even though I have an easy choice to switch back.  Once you overcome the relatively small learning curve, the bottom line is that this Mac product is more user friendly, even though there are some quirks and still some bugs --even though Intuit is updating fairly regularly-  the bugs are slowly going away.  I will continue to use Mac 2016, no doubt now. (March 2016).

PROS:
-Very nice interface.  The graphs and reports are very easy to use.
-The overall accounting  --budgets, reports, etc - of multiple accounts is quicker
-Harnesses Mac's power well.
-Intuit seems to be putting a lot of effort into working out the remaining bugs with regular updates
-Downloads from financial institutions are posted in an overall ledger making transactions quicker to review vs. having to switch to different accounts.

CONS:
- There are still some bugs.  When it does crash, however, it does recover quickly and without data losses
- To track budget with loan accounts, you have to triple post.  In other words, if you have a loan and you want to budget for the loan payment AND subtract payments from the loan account, the way I do it, and what I also found on Quicken forum is to post to category, then "Split" transaction to the loan account and then an "Adjustment" which is not totaled.  The result is that the loan account is debited and the category is tracked in your budget.  This is the most annoying part of this new program.
-It does take some learning to switch from Windows.  If you switch from Windows as a regular user you will have some frustrations

IMPORTANT: I am not a verified user here because it is EASY to get a refund if you buy directly from Intuit.  To me the jury is still out if I will get my money back
I have used Quicken since the time of Checkfree (the early, early days).  I am a power user with nearly two decades of transactions, including investment transactions.  I was one of the earliest Quicken credit card users so I could track credit transactions.  I've used budgets, bill pay, and i've been a long time user of Quickens financial planner software.  I've upgraded my versions just about every 2 - 3 years.  I've tracked options, complex investments accounts (private equity/venture), and mortgages, loans, etc.  I switched to MAC several years ago and based on reviews, remained a Quicken Windows user with a VM on MAC.  A few months ago I made the switch after realizing my Windows 7 VM was likely going to abruptly come to an end as MSFT forces everyone to Windows10.  So I thought I would proactively make the move in anticipation of a long transition to Quicken for MAC.  I will say that with all the transactions I have (my oldest transactions are 19 years old) - it took a long time to convert.  I had a few minor adjustments to make and overall, the transfer was about as I expected.  Now - all that said - the MAC version of Quicken is incredible!  I find it much more intuitive and smooth than the windows version.  Other than the long term financial planner, I have not missed a single feature.  Perhaps the earlier MAC versions were as bad as the reviews portrayed but as a power Quicken user - this version is as solid as they come.  Given the option of running Q for MAC or Q for Windows - I would take this version with absolutely no reservation.  Power user or not - Quicken has gotten the MAC version right!

Topic 22: information 0.04581 income 0.02649 premier 0.02414 data 0.01758 edition 0.01473 expenses 0.01376 import 0.01348 rental 0.01021 investments 0.00842 property 0.00819
 How Many: 47150
I've used TurboTax for years. I've heard people say it doesn't cover all aspects of deductions. I say BS (to put is simply).  For those with simple tax returns, Turbo is more than most will ever need.  Yet, if you have many expenses/deductions across the board, Turbo will cover them all.

I'm in Law Enforcement, own a property, give to charity, home energy improvements, etc. Turbo covers ALL areas of deductions and tax preparation.  TT covers all my standard deductions; mortgage interest, property taxes, work expenses (equipment costs, labor dues, education expenses), energy efficient upgrades to the house, charitable donations, tax software, medical, you name it.

My father spent years doing taxes by hand. He finally used Turbo Tax to file his returns related to not just my folks, but the combining of trusts of his parents into his own. It all was covered in Turbo Tax

If you make charitable donations during the year, considering using ItsDeductible online (another Intuit software).  The benefit is goods are valued based on national averages.  Those jeans you gave to good will for free, have a fair market value of $10.  I'm continually amazed at what people donate to charities like Goodwill, who never deduct the goods, which is perfectly legal to do.  ItsDeductible lists 1000s of items for donation and assigned a value.  Few realize, you are allowed to deduct the "fair market value" of goods you donate. So, if Goodwill sells jeans for $10, that is what you deduct.  ItsDeductible has made my donations easy, good value and when you use TurboTax, it will import your donations from I.D. into your tax return.
If your eyes glaze over and you breakout in hives whenever you get near an IRS publication then TurboTax is for you. Our tax situation is complicated by securities transactions involving capital gains, dividends, interest and retirement income.. TurboTax reduces the hocus-pocus involved in reporting these transactions to simply importing the data from most of our financial institutions. The most difficult part of tax return preparation for us then is rounding up documentation for items that cannot be imported: estimated tax payments, interest received from smaller banks and foreign income. TurboTax also tracks our IRA RMD distributions from year to year so there is no need to input that information manually. Filing our taxes became so much easier since we began using TurboTax that I am generally pleased with it. I do wish Intuit would revise the program so it would retain all information entered during the preparation cycle; presently, a review of some entries requires me to re-input certain information such as income recipient(s) and whether or not an entry requires additional information. I generally review our returns several times over a matter of days to catch errors so the need to answer the same questions over and over gets tiresome.
First time using TT and it was mostly painless.  However, there are bugs in handling sales of mutual funds.

1.  All of my sales were based on average costs, so purchase date was always "various" , which I dutifully entered for each one.  However, when I reviewed the forms, the 8949 form was showing a specific purchase date for 5 out of 8 sales.  I had to go back and RE-ENTER "various" for the purchase date.

2.  To make matters worse, the purchase date the program put in was the SAME as the selling date -- which makes no sense and should have raised a RED flag (even if I had accidently put in a date).  But the program ignored it.

3. Some of the sells created a small "wash sale" component which the broker showed on the form as "disallowed loss".  There seems to be a box on the step-by-step form for this correction, but when I put in a number, it was IGNORED every time.
Finally, I had to go into the actual 8949 form it had generated and put in the loss adjustments MANUALLY.

4. And even with these corrections, the final 8949 form was not completely correct.  The numbers were correct (after my manual corrections), but in column "b", there is supposed to be a code to explain the adjustment (in column g) -- in this case a "w" for "wash".  However, there seemed to be no way to enter the codes for column b in 8949.
I ended up filing it without the codes and hope the IRS isn't too picky.

Even though the program assured me it was 100% accurate, if I had not caught these errors, it would certainly have NOT been 100% accurate.

By the way, I double checked that I had all the current updates.

In handling rental property (Schedule E), the program assumes that if a given % of the property is rented, then all the expenses can be prorated by that % -- which is NOT always True.  For example, the amount of mortgage (if there is only one) can be different for the rental portion, depending on how the mortgage has been paid.
The work around was to tell it to use 100% factor and then HAND calculate the portion of each expense item for the rental part.

As a plus, it did seem to handle K-1 forms and entries correctly and also form 8582 passive loss and worksheets.
This really simplifies doing your taxes, and definitely takes the drudgery out of filling in the boxes on the forms, and adding up the numbers correctly.  Eight or nine times out of ten, the on-screen instructions will help you decide if you should include a certain expense or not for a deduction, or some other box to fill in on the forms.  Still, you have to have a pretty good understanding of what you're doing.

For example, I have a multi-unit property, and lived in one unit, while renting out the rest.  In my 2009 return, as far as I can tell, I entered a percentage of the property that was used for a rental, and then entered the expenses for the whole building.  Quicken was to take an appropriate percentage of the expenses and apply them to either the residential portion of the property, or the rental portion.  When I moved out of the unit I lived in, and started to rent the whole building, I found that the ENTIRE building was being depreciated, instead of the fraction that was being rented from 2009 until I moved.  This fraction of expenses that I entered was seemingly not applied to the depreciation calculations.  Now I have excess depreciation that I must resolve with the IRS.  I expect to pursue this issue with TurboTax, also.

This is probably a rare case, but still underscores the importance of being able to understand what's happening enough to do a sanity check on the numbers you get for your return.  I think this is the best package on the market, but if you're adding any schedule other than A to your return, you should still read the IRS instructions for the appropriate forms to understand the rationale behind how the numbers are calculated.
TurboTax has gotten steadily better over the years and is very good now. I shopped around a bit and found Amazon's price to be the lowest.

The TurboTax website recommends the deluxe edition if you have kids, own a home or have lots of deductions, and they recommend the premier edition if you have investments or rental properties. I would definately go with their recommendations IF this is your first time using TurboTax. If in subsequent years your tax situation is the same and you don't need the extra guidance, you could get by with the cheaper basic edition. I've had no problems using the basic edition even though I've had a fair amount of investment activity (dividends and capital gains from sales of mutual funds and ETFs . . . no options or futures trading). I know the basic edition can handle itemized deductions.
This program does what it is supposed to do, which is determine a fair value (for income tax deduction purposes) of items you donate.

While it did not have ALL the items I donated in its database, the items it did have were documented as much higher values than I would have estimated.  Very simply, if you're in a 25% marginal tax bracket, every $100 of increased value for your donations translates to $25 reduction in your pocket.  If you have donated a substantial amount of used goods to charities, and (as I did) were conservative in setting values for those goods, this program will EASILY save you the price of the software.

It's relatively easy to use, as well.
This program does what it is supposed to do, which is determine a fair value (for income tax deduction purposes) of items you donate.

While it did not have ALL the items I donated in its database, the items it did have were documented as much higher values than I would have estimated.  Very simply, if you're in a 25% marginal tax bracket, every $100 of increased value for your donations translates to $25 reduction in your pocket.  If you have donated a substantial amount of used goods to charities, and (as I did) were conservative in setting values for those goods, this program will EASILY save you the price of the software.

It's relatively easy to use, as well.
Works great.
There are a couple complaints I have, though:
1) Merging the history files of my wife and I upon our marriage was not possible when filing jointly; not even a summary table was provided of each others accumulated data.  We had to elect one of us as the baseline and go back through the others returns over years to capture carry-over data and enter it manually.  Depending on your tax history, the effort can be taxing (pun intended).  Examples of such impacts are: re-establishing rental property depreciation start and accumulated depreciation, investment loss carry-over, IRA basis, etc.
2) More complicated forms are not supported, such as IRS form 3115 used for catching up unreported rental property depreciation, are not included.  But you can insert the line 25 output of this form into TurboTax.
Otherwise an easy to use great product.
I have been using TurboTax for decades.  As the years progressed, Intuit continued to make improvements.  This program provides all the forms needed to complete your tax filing - federal and state - and clear guidance on how your information must be presented.  If you are using TurboTax for the first time, you will need to enter your personal identification information; in subsequent years, the next TurboTax edition will import it for you.
You can also have TurboTax import all your major financial data directly from the institutions where you have funds - employers, banks, brokerages, and mutual funds.  I find that with my mutual funds, the data imported will be inserted in the appropriate places by TurboTax - complete with breakdowns by short and long term investments, withdrawals, etc.
If you use Quicken as your accounting tool (probably also with QuickBooks) and dutifully mark every expenditure with the appropriate tax category, TurboTax will import that data as well.
I am meticulous in keeping track of my medical mileage (we have a lot of it) and charitable donations, which must be entered manually.  TurboTax walks you through any donations of household goods or services you made to charities such as Habitat for Humanity using a form that includes the IRS allowable deduction for each item, then summarizes them for submission on your tax form.
All of the required information is copied directly into the state forms, with only a few questions necessary for each individual state's requirements.
There is no cost for e-filing for your federal taxes; there is a small charge for the state filing.
We have been using this software for over a dozen years for its handling of our Partnership needs.  Handles everything a General or Tax-Matters Partner normally needs.

Our Partnership involves residential rental properties, so depreciation and handling of property expense is important.
Softwaregenerates all needed K-1's and even the needed cover-letters to goto each Partner.

Topic 23: great 0.29969 user 0.12755 friendly 0.04729 interface 0.02049 success 0.003 lots 0.00272 navigation 0.00236 benefits 0.00133 longtime 0.00106 1998 0.00091
 How Many: 47150
Not much you can add about QuickBooks, its excellence is well known.  Combine that with Amazon's great pricing and speedy delivery, it is great-great-great!
Easy to use with great user interface. Great for managing small apt buildings and houses.
everything is spelled out and is user friendly There is even a few humorous parts. I was able to secure a great refund! Diane
I upgraded to QB2016 this year and love it. Very user friendly, looks great and works great.
A great product at a great price. I have used it for many years with great success.
I have been an electrician for 14 years...not a bookkeeper!  The program is user friendly and more importantly tradesman friendly!
Quickbooks 2011 for Mac is a GREAT software. One of the most user friendly accountant softwares of all times, and very intuitive. Few bugs though and restricted on VAT countries payments and customizing invoices. Advisable!!!
The user interface is so much more up-to-date.  It feels truly professional.  It is more powerful and even more user friendly at the same time.
After Microsoft Money died a few years back I switched ti Quicken.  It is a great program with great features but often it can take a while to figure out how to use its features.  It evidently was designed by geeks for geeks.  Intuit could use some help making it more user friendly for Luddites like me.
Purchased several versions of turbo tax.  Great product and tax tool.  Very user friendly and great online help and resources.
