
Topic 0: product 0.1855 user 0.05883 excellent 0.02664 needs 0.0234 friendly 0.02242 products 0.01573 expected 0.01547 pleased 0.01486 quality 0.00451 continues 0.00425
 How Many: 47150
Stars = __

1. I chose this rating because:  The product Worked as designed / advertised.
2. What I liked about this product  Price and quality of the product advertised.
3. What I disliked about the product:  is none or N/A.
4. I would recommend this product to:  All users
5. Vendor reliability:  Excellent
6. Vendor promptness:  Excellent.
Product met my expectations and performed as expected.  Constant updates provided the latest available information and tools.
Easy to use menus and completeness of tool was very welcome.  Met the needs of the newest tax payer to the most experienced
I've been a Quicken user for as long as I can remember.  It's always been a very solid product with great support.  I've stayed with the product because they work so hard to keep improving their product and I absolutely love Quicken 2104.  I can't imagine using another product to handle my financial needs.
Product continues to perform at stellar rate.  Enhancements improve product, not make it more cumbersome.  To me, no better product out there for small businesses.
Consistently, this is a high-quality product.  High expectations are met.
Product performed exactly as expected; download was flawless, cost was as expected. I would use the latest version of this product and I would recommend it to others as a successful product. The only downside was the product does, of course, relate to taxes, which is never something to get excited about, but it makes things easier.
The product is very friendly and has provided me with almost all needs that make me buy it.

I'm very pleased with the product.
This product has been and continues to be an excellent tool for my company.  It is user friendly and easily modified.
Intuit continues to offer a top of the line product that is user friendly and versatile.  All of the screens are easy to access and use, the tools are generally self-explanatory, and using it opens plenty of information about your finances that it would otherwise take hours to sort out.  It would be awesome to see more user friendliness in the budgeting tools, or perhaps an option to select a User Level that would adjust the interface accordingly.
Very user friendly as always.

The only difficulty I had was because I was not sure as of what date the product was released. It may be easier if this date is identified in the product as user installs. I like the features to constantly remind you of what else one can deduct, though I never find anything I overlooked mostly because I live a lifestyle in a predictable way.

Topic 1: use 0.22912 easy 0.1873 works 0.0531 quick 0.02375 fast 0.01686 accurate 0.01084 perfect 0.00954 super 0.00395 convenient 0.00069 makes 0.00044
 How Many: 47150
This software program is easy to use and seems to be reliable. I like that it was easy to install and use right away. I am not a computer whiz or a numbers whiz and I am able to use this program with ease. There are a lot of features to use with this program that you can choose to use or not to use.
Easy and fast. Use it every year. Helpful, fast, easy. Quick, will buy again. I like this product very much.
Fast. Easy. Super fast refunds. Works great for us.
I am the primary operations person for Quick Books with no accounting background.  The whole system is easy to use, easy to operate, easy to report and easy to interface with accountants and tax professionals
It worked fast and easy.  Easy to understand directions on how to use tax program--even if you've not had previous experience. Updates are fast and easy to implement. Worth the money to give you tax returns you can have confidence in.  Also, a good program to use if you have ancillary information you want to plug in your tax return.  Very accurate!
Easier to use each year.  Updates easy to get, download and use.  Good help screens. Start to finish easy to use and fast efile.
I use TurboTax every year to do my taxes it is fast and easy to use. It is a simple question and answer format which is very easy to use as long as you have gotten the answers together.
So easy to use.  Fastest filing I ever did. Accurate too....put your mind at easy, use T-Tax!!!
very fast shipping. great product easy to use and setup. Works with my existing computor. easy to add barcode scanner as well as other addons.
Turbotax is very easy to use. Easy to update and easy to file. It's very simple for anyone to use.

Topic 2: version 0.09482 new 0.04762 upgrade 0.0324 problems 0.02451 features 0.0196 2014 0.0195 old 0.01627 computer 0.01566 fine 0.0142 versions 0.01346
 How Many: 47150
Another review lambasted this version of TurboTax for not working with Mac's Snow Leopard (OSX 10.6.8).  It very well may not have worked for them.  HOWEVER, the information they gave to determine if it will work or not was totally wrong.  By their information my system would not have worked, but indeed it does.  If you follow the tech support links they provided to Intuit, then to Apple, you get to [...]  which has a little table to show you what processor is 64 bit:

Intel Core Solo  32 bit
Intel Core Duo  32 bit
Intel Core 2 Duo  64 bit
Intel Quad-Core Xeon  64 bit
Dual-Core Intel Xeon  64 bit
Quad-Core Intel Xeon  64 bit
Core i3  64 bit
Core i5  64 bit
Core i7  64 bit

If so, you can run this version of TurboTax.  For instance, my 2010 iMac uses a Core i3 processor, which is 64 bit, and TurboTax works.  However by the other incorrect reviewer's reply, my computer would have "failed".
Not sure why people have been having issues, but this digital download installed and worked flawlessly on my iMac (20-inch Early 2008) running Snow Leopard (10.6.8) in 32 bit mode.  The processor is an Intel Core Duo and I have 4 GB of RAM installed.

When I go to the black Apple at the top-right side of the screen, click on it, select "About This Mac", click the "More Info" button, Apple's System Profiler application launches.  On the left-side of the System Profiler window, I select "Software".  The "64-bit Kernel and Extensions" line on the right of the window reads "No", so I know I'm in 32 bit mode.

I'm very satisfied with this year's TurboTax Deluxe for Mac and would not hesitate recommending it to others.

If you want to be really safe, you may want to go to Apple's knowledge-base to see if your computer is CAPABLE of booting in 64 bit mode.  You can find the article on Apple's website at the following URL:[...] . Also, if you test yourself to see if your Mac running Snow Leopard will boot in 64 bit mode, just restart the computer and hold down the "6" and "4" buttons until you get to your Finder/desktop.  If you follow the steps from my second paragraph above, the "64-bit Kernel and Extensions" line on the right of the window will read "Yes", if you are booted I'm in 64 bit mode.  If the Mac you own DOES NOT use the 64-bit kernel by default in Mac OS X v10.6, then the next time you restart your Mac, it will boot back up in 32 bit mode.  If your Mac uses the 64-bit kernel by default, you can start up with the 32-bit kernel by holding the 3 and 2 keys during startup.

Again, I downloaded, installed and used this copy of TurboTax Deluxe in 32 bit on my iMac (20-inch Early 2008) Core 2 Duo without any problems at all.

Hope this helps some confused shoppers!
I am being forced to upgrade from Quicken Home & Business 2010 which expires April 30, 2013 to QH&B 2013. After reading all the horrible reviews about QH&B 2013, I held off upgrading until I had finished my 2012 tax return. My strategy was to have a trial run with QH&B 2013 before installing the software on my main laptop. I took a backup laptop an installed QH&B 2010, updated the program and transferred my data. Everything worked fine with the 2010 version, so I then uninstalled the 2010 program, leaving my data unaffected in a separate file. I then attempted to install QH&B 2013 on my backup laptop, the first attempt failed but the second try was successful. Everything about the 2013 program and my data appeared normal, so I turned my attention to my primary computer.
  I uninstalled QH&B 2010 from my primary computer and installed QH&B 2013. It took 11 minutes to load the program and updates using Windows 7 and a cable connection. I did not have to disable the AVG antivirus software. Even doing the install this way does not relieve the uneasiness until the primary laptop is up and running with Quicken Home and Business 2013.
I bought this for my dad as an upgrade, since he used the old version of Quickbooks (2002) and his tax guy bailed on him and never returned to upgrade. So, my father had 2 computers, one that was a dinosaur (6 years old!)and one that he just bought 2 years ago (top of the line at the time). He never got around to installing a version of quickbooks to his new pc so he always used his old one. I got fed up with him and his poor excuse for a number-crunching machine and bought this product for him. I backed up his old quickbooks company file to a few floppy disks, installed the 2006 version on his new computer, and the update was a snap. All I had to do was go through a few menus on 2006 and it asked for the floppies. I threw them in one by one, and it not only transferred ALL of his company information and ALL of his thousands of customer invoices and estimates to the new computer, it also updated to files to 2006 all in one "swing of the bat". E Z install, E Z company data transfer, all of this was installed and transferred within an hour (would have went faster if his old PC didn't take 10 minutes to boot up)! And to think, that was my first time dealing with Quickbooks. Not to meantion, I found it easier to navigate through the menus in comparing to 2002. A significant improvement over 2002, undoubtedly.
Quicken is wonderful ... except for upgrading.  It seems you, the customer, are continually bombarded with Intuit's requests to upgrade - upgrade now, best price, discounted, etc. - from the moment you purchase it.  However, I have yet to upgrade without having significant problems in this upgrade transition.  This has occurred the last three times that I have upgraded, dating back to 2010 (I have used Quicken since 1994), with the end result of me purposefully delaying upgrades out of fear.  This time I went from an early 2012 version to a reluctant 2014 upgrade.  The result: four of my five different files did not convert without considerable effort on my part and very little help on Intuit's part.  Their solution was that it was MY responsibility to uninstall 2014, reinstall an earlier version, hopefully a magic fix would then occur, then uninstall that version, and finally reinstall 2014 - all to correct the fact that THEIR data files were supposedly corrupted by THEIR EARLIER version and could not be handled properly by THEIR NEWER version. Just as an aside, the newer versions are never as astoundingly better than the previous version; they are just one year later.  And their super deal was not as good as the CostCo price. I'm glad I checked.
I have been using QuickBooks since the previous millennium. Since I also use Assisted Payroll, Intuit forces me to upgrade to the new version of QuickBooks every few years. I am coming to the 2013 version from the version 2010.

First, I want to talk about installation. My preferred method is to remove the old version of QuickBooks, if any, before installing the new one. After that I also remove the QuickBooks PDF printer driver the previous version used. And then I restart the computer before installing the new version.

Instead of using the installation disk, I downloaded the latest available installer from the Intuit web site. The installer is the same for all Premiere editions of the same year, and it knows to install the Accountant edition once you put in your key and product codes.

After launching QuickBooks for the first time, go to Help - Update QuickBooks... Even though I just supposedly downloaded the latest version from the Intuit web site, there were already updates there, including a large maintenance package. Download and install the updates. Then restart QuickBooks before opening your company files.

When you open a company file for the first time, QuickBooks upgrades it for the new version. QuickBooks screen may look unresponsive, and Windows may even tell you that the application hang, and offer to terminate it, instead click on "Wait." It may take long time when upgrading large files.

One thing I noticed when I started using the new version is that since 2010 they moved a lot of things; it all seems to be there, but it will take me some time to adjust to the new screen layouts.

Another thing is, QuickBooks 2013 is definitely slower than QuickBooks 2010. If you are upgrading, and your computer is old, you may think about getting a new fast computer as well, while you are at it.

Upgrading from 2010, there are a couple of new things for me in this version that I like.

First, you can now use your own SMTP server when sending out e-mails, instead of routing e-mails through Intuit.

Second is the attaching documents functionality with local storage. This is helpful for migrating towards paperless office.

These are my reactions after two days of using the new version. I will update this review if anything alarming pops up.
I waited for the 2010 version after reading mostly negative reviews for the 2009 version.  I was upgrading from the 2008 version, and glad I waited.  The install/updgrade went soothly and I was up and running in minutes. My first QB version was 2003, and it brought those files as well as my 2008 files in seamlessly. I have had none of the problems with 2010 that I had with 2008, even though I was mostly happy with the 2008 version.  I do no use the payroll function as we outsource for that, so I cannot speak to its ease/difficulty of use.  I have found the ease of use and quality of the very basics are what makes this program decent enough.  The ablility to cut and paste from Excel is an nice added feature. Recently we updated the office computer from XP to Vista and, again, everything went without a hitch!
Updated from Quicken 2014 as part of switch to a new laptop with Windows 10, was running Windows 2007 on the previous laptop. To my surprise, the transfer of data from the old version and old laptop went pretty well. I purchased the CD version of the program from Amazon, install from CD took less than 5 minutes. I used an external hard drive to copy and move my Quicken files from the old computer; that file transfer went well, following the prompt on the Quicken 2016 screen. One hitch at that point: I was unable to open the new program until I registered it, but got an "unable to connect at this time error" from the login screen. Went to the Quicken website, found a link for a chat session, rep. told me I needed to download a "Mondo update" for the program, and provided the link. Followed those instructions, program opened without a hitch, all my data transferred intact. Whole process of new install and transfer of data took about 20 minutes, including the chat session. Haven't tried to use the new program yet. I was happy with 2014 version, but figured it was only a matter of time before support for it ran out, so just bit the bullet and bought 2016.
My previous financial software upgrades were from Quicken 99 to Quicken 2002 and then to Quicken 2004 Premier Home & Business only a few years ago. However this Quicken Premier H&B version 2006 upgrade was the easiest I have done so far. After putting the CD in the drive and clicking "install" it found the older 2004 version on my Windows XP system it told me that it needed to remove the older version. I said "yes" and it automatically removed the old and installed the new without any problems and then proceeded at my request to back up and convert my older data files. If you are familiar with Quicken Premier H&B 2004 or 2005 then you will be familiar with this Quicken 2006 interface because it looks and feels mostly the same. However at the same time everything in this newest version also seems much more refined since they seem to have fixed many little annoyances and yet added some clever features that make the experience of using the it even more easy to use. As your read about these differences on the Quicken web site or on the retail box I can tell you that you may not fully appreciate these improvements until you begin using the new version "hands on". Even the online automatic download and account update features seems to run smoother and faster. Intuit has listened to many customer requests by adding things such as being able to attach a document image to your registry entries, the ability to expand to full screen mode by pressing F11 on the keyboard, the inclusion of more choices for your advanced reports, and the ability to export report data to a "PDF" or "Microsoft Excel" file format.

For users of Quicken before version 2004 you will want to back up all your previous version's data files onto a removable media or disk and make sure you have the original installation disks from your previous version since you will want to make sure that you like the newer 2004 through 2006 interface.  Users of versions 2004 or earlier who rely on the QIF file format for your financial institution downloads should realize that QIF data files are no longer fully supported in this version (or in version 2005) as working data files. This is an extremely important point to make so I will repeat once again that you absolutely need to make sure that you completely back up those data files on a removable CD, zip, floppies, etc. so that you could go back to your older Quicken if you really needed to later on. On a positive note Quicken version 2006 does however allow you to import and export your data as QIF data files but you will have to convert and keep those files in the newer "QDF" format before you can use them in this new version 2006. For Quicken users who do not rely on the older QIF files you will appreciate the reliability and simplification of the newest Quicken file formats. Whether you use "Web Connect" or the more automated "Direct Connect" methods the newer file download format seems more secure, more automated, and more trouble free. Many download bugs that were prevalent in previous versions seem to have been fixed. I did have to do some manual editing for a few minor accounts where the online downloading feature had stopped working in version 2004 but after some simple online settings changes those same accounts were now suddenly working perfectly in version 2006.

PROS: Easy installation and upgrade, works reliably, very easy to use, mostly bug free, the financial data downloading works very well, full of many useful new and improved features including a method of registry image file attachment and an improved importing and exporting of data for advanced reports.

CONS: It does not fully support the older QIF data file format. Users of versions before 2004 will need to acclimate to the newer look and feel of the program. Some users from previous years have reported data corruption or errors after updating to the newer versions of Quicken 2004 & 2005 which means that fully backing up your existing data files on a removable media before the installation of Quicken 2006 is mandatory.

CONCLUSION: I enthusiastically recommend and give the highest possible five star rating to the latest Quicken Premier Home & Business ver. 2006 Edition since it is the easiest, most reliable, and overall best version of Quicken I have ever used!
I have been using Quicken Premier 2010 in my windows xp for several years and I liked it.  Recently, I bought a new computer with Windows 7 and was faced with the decision whether or not to transfer my 2010 version into the new computer because I was reading all those negative reviews about the 2013 version.  However, faced with the problem of discontinued downloads after April 30, 2013, I took a chance on Premier 2013.  So far, I have not experienced any problems.  Transferring my backup files from Carbonite went without a glitch and I am finding my way around in 2013 just fine. - However, I have to point out that I am not using any mobile devices and that I am strictly working from my desktop.  I have been working with the new software only a few weeks, but so far I have no complaints.

Topic 3: tax 0.20802 taxes 0.10554 turbo 0.09508 doing 0.02729 makes 0.02321 questions 0.01816 complicated 0.00837 preparation 0.00786 cpa 0.00778 accountant 0.00753
 How Many: 47150
Unless you enjoy pouring over reams of tax laws, let Turbo Tax do the work for you. It asks you all the pertinent questions so that you don't have to wonder if something is deductible or taxable. It takes you through the morass of doing taxes and (very nearly) makes it fun, kinda.

My husband and I have used Turbo Tax for several years. We started when our tax consultant made mistakes that cost us a bundle. Turbo Tax is much cheaper than the consultant. The updates keep us current with tax law even as we are preparing our returns.
I know NOTHING about tax laws or would feel comfortable doing taxes by hand using the instruction booklet that comes with the forms!!  I've been using Turbo Tax for over ten years now.  After going to a very well-known tax company and being told I owe over $2000 (never owed in my life and in NO WAY could afford to pay that) and they were charging me $500 to do the taxes, I left my taxes there and picked up a Turbo Tax.  I ended up owing a little over $100 and paid only $60 for the Turbo Tax.  I feel a tax company doesn't know me and what's going on in my life.  Unless they ask all the right questions and I am already a tax expert and know what's important or not tax-wise, they may not get me all of my refund.  Doing the taxes myself with the guided Turbo Tax, I feel 100% confident that I am getting all the refund I can.  The program asks you questions regarding every situation and depending on whether you answer yes or no, takes you to the next pertinent section.  I am middle-class income and Turbo Tax is the only way I will do my taxes.  My husband was VERY skeptical!  He thought I would not know enough to be able to do the taxes on Turbo Tax.  He was worried about taking money out of his 401K and how we would know what to enter regarding that.  After seeing how they guide you through EVERYTHING, he is now sold!  I recommend Turbo Tax to ALL!  It is easy and thorough!!  Do not be afraid to use it!!!
I've used Turbo Tax for years. It guides you step-by-step in the tax preparation process. (Of course it REALLY helps if you have all your documentation together first and separated into "tax topics". That makes answering the questions on Turbo Tax easier .)  For an extra fee, Turbo Tax offers "Audit Protection" which you can purchase if you're concerned about a possible audit. Since I organize all my deductions, credits, etc.,and keep them in  in a binder, doing my taxes with Turbo Tax is a breeze....and if you used Turbo Tax the previous year, it will automatically import last year's information. Turbo Tax is a must for me each tax season!
I've been using Turbo Tax for years and never had an issue.  I used to do tax returns for a national tax preparer and their systems seemed very complex compared to the simplicity of Turbo Tax.  If you answer the questions, the program guides you through the process. You don't have to be a tax expert to complete accurate tax returns with Turbo Tax.
Turbo Tax takes most of the drudgery from tax preparation. However, you have to be careful if you have a complicated return, i.e. something like a Schedule C or Schedule E. I've worked as an accountant for years and have seen many people overpay their taxes because the tax laws are so ridiculously complicated. Even Turbo Tax cannot overcome what our stupid Congressmen have done over the years. I can recommend Turbo Tax as a good tax preparation program. Just get help from a tax professional if you need it. Whatever you do, don't overpay your taxes. No matter what you spend your money on, you won't waste it like or government does, so save all the taxes you can.
I began using Parson's Personal Tax Edge in the 1980's.  I think it was 1994 or 1995 when Intuit came out with Turbo Tax...they had acquired Parson's Personal Tax Edge.  As far as I am concerned, you cannot beat Turbo Tax. I worked for a tax prep company one season and was appalled at what they charged  Turbo Tax will help you with any of your questions.  Why put out the money for someone else to prepare your taxes?
I made the mistake of buying Tax Cut a few years ago after using Turbo Tax for years. I wanted to try something "different and cheaper". I GOT WHAT I PAID FOR! Tax Cut was RUBBISH!

With Turbo Tax, I have NEVER had to consult an IRS form instruction booklet to get an answer. Tax Cut left me stranded! They told me what section of the tax code to consult for an answer. They didn't even have a link to the IRS website! The reason I use tax prep software is so I don't have to deal with filling out forms manually and reading those awful instruction booklets. Tax Cut was so bad, I didn't even finish using it. I went out and bought Turbo Tax like I should have in the first place! TAX CUT WENT INTO THE GARBAGE CAN WHERE IT BELONGED!

I haven't yet purchased Turbo Tax this year, but like another reviewer, I too will buy it from an on-line seller. You get quality software when you buy Turbo Tax. That's the way it's always been.
I have been using Turbo Tax for several years now. The best thing is it imports last years info (if you used Turbo Tax).  I used to do all of my taxes and by hand and had math errors on the form a couple of times.  Turbo Tax knows how to add and subtract better than I do.  A couple of years ago I had a situation where I felt uncomfortable doing my taxes, went to one CPA who said it was too complicated for her.  Went to another and left my stuff with them and also did on Turbo Tax.  When I got the CPA's tax forms they matched the ones I had done on Turbo Tax.
It still takes the better part of a day to do my taxes, but I like how turbo tax imports from last years tax file.  I can compare last years answers and results to this year.  This helps make sure I'm not off base with my entries.  There's a lot of questions that go with turbo tax but that's mostly my fault as I always opt to answer every single question.  My only desire is that turbo tax would keep all history with each new program.  My wife has been going to college off and on for years.  This year turbo tax ask me how many times we've taken some education credit.  Unknowingly I had to go back and open old turbo tax records to look and see.  Only to find out my answer didn't matter.  I also found it interesting it asked my about my health care insurance situation at the very end.  Didn't go further than the question b/c I have health insurance, but I wasn't for sure if that was an IRS thing or just turbo tax giving a heads up to users about the new laws in effect.
Turbo Tax is an excellent software that easily guides you through the task of preparing taxes. I have tried other tax preparation software, and I believe Turbo Tax is the most user friendly and thorough. It also provides me with the most tax deductions and for the money is one heck of a buy. I have now used Turbo Tax for the last 9 years and will continue to use it in future tax year preparations.

Topic 4: great 0.11824 track 0.02856 personal 0.02119 financial 0.0201 finances 0.01992 helpful 0.01433 expenses 0.01417 income 0.01217 tool 0.01171 helps 0.01075
 How Many: 47150
The Quicken 2014 software in great for managing your budget, investments, and planning for retirement.  It now provides your credit score and identity theft protection.  I am getting close to retirement and I wondered if I was saving enough.  I have talked with financial planners, who were very helpful, however my life situations changes almost monthly.  Quicken provides a "Life Time Planner" (under the planning tab) that updates your retirement projected cash flow at age 65 thru 89.  Quicken uses your current data: debt, expenses, savings, 401, IRAs, stocks, etc., to show your income in the future.  It takes a little time to complete the questionnaire... 30 mins.  However, most of the questions quicken has from your information it keeps on file.  The best part of this planning tool is your planned retirement data is current.  If you change job, reduce or increase your savings, bring on new debt, or your investments rate of return drops, the results will impact your retirement.  Quicken "Life Time Planner" monitors your behavior and your life ups and downs.  You can include inflation and 401 company match.  Quicken also gives you a "what if tool" to help you determine how much to spend on a retirement home or purchase of a new car.  You may even want to give your grand children money for college.  It is great to have a tool you can look at daily and know that the amount of money you are now saving and the rate of return you are getting will fund your future retirement.  Thanks Quicken
I have always used Quicken for my personal finance management.  The great benefit is that with categorization this provides you the best avenue to manage your spending habits.  I now categorize all my miscellaneous expenditures and realize where I am spending my money.

The other aspect is that with all the new security levels that have been implemented with credit card companies, online bank sites, etc, it seemlessly integrated even with me having site keys or additional login preferences needed.  The password safe is great so that I do not have to hunt and peck for my passwords on a regular basis.

Since we also rent property, it has great interfaces to track all the rents paid and additional items that we always lose site of at tax time such as deductible expenditures spent to maintain the properties.  It helps with what has been done and when and who did the work so  historical record is maintained.
Quicken is a great tool to manage your personal finances, including investments.  It works seamlessly with most financial institution websites and provides helpful reports for budgeting and monitoring your progress towards your financial goals.
I am a retired CPA and I think this is one of the better accounting packages I have seen for keeping track of personal finances.  It is simple to use - there are books available that can help you.  A knowledge of bookkeeping is helpful.

I still do some consulting work so the business part is perfect for my use - I can generate invoices and statements - my Schedule C is prepared - there is a mileage tracker which provides the written documentation for the mileage deduction.

I can download the transaction from my Broker which is a huge time saver.  It is also possible to download transactions from any financial institution that supports a download.  The Investment section provides good information about the market and it completes the Schedule D.  This is helpful in planning for tax time.

There is a budget section which allows you to set goals and monitor your progress towards those goals (debt reduction and/or savings).

There are a multitude of reports which is helpful in analyzing spending habits, monitoring your financial progress, bank or investment account reconciliations, comparative reports to previous year of previous months.

The only improvement I would suggest is the way Certificates of Deposit are set-up.  They can be entered as Savings or Investment accounts, but neither method allows the input of maturity date which would be a helpful report if there are several CDs that you want to track based on maturity date.

I would recommend this software to anyone who is serious about future goals, present financial health, or budgeting to maximize your hard earned dollars.  The set-up time is well worth the wealth of information that is produced!
I was a Quicken Beta tester for 2009 Quicken Rental Property Manager.  Each year Quicken has refined and added new features to it's financial software. This program builds on the Quicken platform. The Rental Property Manager adds tracking rental properties and rental property businesses to the Quicken financial software package. This new dimension provides valuable financial and tax tracking for those in the rental property business.
This is a little bit of an investment but it's a good one.  You can link all of your accounts to it (bank, 401k savings, HSA, investments, etc.) and automatically or manually update with each access and there's a mobile app and cloud access besides.  It so easy to be disciplined with your spending when you can track everything at any time.  You can plan for upcoming bills, put money aside in virtual savings accounts, plan for major expenses like vacations, a home purchase or medical procedures, create multiple budgets, manage debt, create a debt reduction plan, plan for the future, plan your taxes, identify areas for potential spending reduction and track all kinds of information.  I used to do this with multiple Excel worksheets...no more!

My favorite feature of all is the calendar which shows you what's due and how much money you will have on the day it's due and there is a reminder system and a customizable alerts system - it totally makes managing your money a breeze!  I would highly recommend this product if you want more control over your money.
The 2014 Version of Quicken along with it's Mobile App are Great for helping you stay on top of your Finances.  Once you have everything setup within Quicken, it synchronizes with the Mobile App, keeping you up to date on your Finances, including Budgets.  I setup Budgets for Dining Out and Leisure Spending, and as long as I assign Categories to my Purchases, the Mobile App helps me keep track where I'm at within those Budgets.  I feel that the Quicken Mobile App is a Great Tool to help you make progress toward your Financial Goals.  I love it.
Quicken software lets me keep track of income and expenses on a daily, weekly, or monthly basis.  I find it particularly useful at year end with summarizing income and expenses for tax purposes.  This is a great product for non-accountants.  It is easy to set up and use and very helpful.
If your an average consumer looking to get out of debt or a less technically savvy individual looking to budget your household finances this is an indispensable tool. A vast array of tools allow you to visualize where your money is going based on an extensive list of categories to classify your expenses. This really is a great program.

I only have two issues.
1. If you have a solid excel background you can easily code it to do everything this program does ( with some time of course) but it can be done.
2. The monthly budget tool is somewhat hard to follow. It shows expenses before they happen if you have a render set up but can lead you to believe you have less money than you really do. It also was a little frustrating to set it up just the way I wanted it.
Downloads online banking transactions and categorizes them...such an awesome and easy way to track expenses and budgeting. Great tool to know where it all goes...very eye opening! Makes budgeting easy and keeps track of all savings and retirement accounts and balances. Great way to easily keep track of the WHOLE picture of your finances.

Topic 5: years 0.18113 used 0.12842 using 0.10977 ve 0.06677 10 0.02334 past 0.02021 continue 0.01378 20 0.01049 15 0.00922 ago 0.00891
 How Many: 47150
I've used Turbo for years and I continue to be very satisfied with this tax program.  It was recommended to me by a former IRS tax expert who also has used it for years and i've never had a problem.
I've used TurboTax for about 9 or 10 years now and I think it's a very solid product. I've found it very easy to use. I'd guess that I've saved at least a hundred dollars every year I've used it.
I have used TurboTax for the past 10 years, always with very good results. I itemize and have a few investments, but nothing heavy. The first couple of years, I continued to let an accountant do my taxes - the results were nearly identical, although 1 year I received $5 more refund following the TurboTax return. I used TT with PC's up until 2-3 years ago when I switched to an iMac.

Highly recommended.
Have used Quicken well over 20 years now.  It's been amazing with the changes throughout the years.  Will continue to use another 20 years. Thanks!
I've been using Turbo Tax to do our taxes for over 20 years.  For 10 of those years, we had a condo we rented and used Premier.  It was fantastic, keeping track of depreciation and expenses.  Now we have sold the condo and retired so Deluxe serves our needs.  A bonus, we have never been audited as long as we've used Turbo Tax.
Not disappointed - again.  I have been a Quicken customer for many years and years and years and years and years.
I've used TT for the past 10+ tax years and will continue using it.  I find it to be accurate and easy to follow while still letting me control what I work on
I've been using TurboTax for 10 years or more, and will continue to do so. The user-friendliness of the interface has increased over the years.
I moved to the Mac 4 years ago because it was becoming clear to me that PCs were dying and I wanted to learn the next wave of computing.  Apple was emerging as a clear leader and I liked their emphasis on design.  I used Quicken on my PCs for about 20 years and I was disappointed that they didn't have a good offering on the Mac.  I had to run Windows on my Mac just to use Quicken.  Very painful.  This new offering is solid, but I am still looking for features that I was used to using on the PC version.  Rumor has it that more features are arriving, so I am hopeful that I will have the financial tool I have relied upon for years.

It does require getting used to a new approach to entering data, but I know I will get used to that after using it for awhile.
I've used Turbo Tax for several past years and am always satisfied!  Completed my taxes within a weekend and am satisfied.

Topic 6: love 0.05961 does 0.05768 better 0.05626 easier 0.0429 need 0.04102 job 0.02739 previous 0.02132 gets 0.01321 keeps 0.01088 makes 0.00517
 How Many: 47150
Oh Quicken, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways. Well, it does the job better than any other program of it's type. Unfortunately, they have rightfully earned a reputation of software failures, including inaccuracies in budget computations that can lead to disaster. That said, I did not find any computational errors in this version. What I did find was that Quicken customer service is still the same: if your financial institution does not download properly into Quicken, then it is your financial institution's problem. One of mine still doesn't work and another works intermittently. Three work almost every time.

The next big issue is that it doesn't work on my Mac without turning it into a PC. I hate MS products. And the Mac version is lame, as if Mac uses are too stupid to understand finances.

So why do I say that I love it? Simply because I need a program that does what this does and no one else makes one as good. I love that something is available.
keeps getting better and better and easier and easier to use
Love the new version, still need some tweaks to  make it more usable (mobile access being one).  Does a much better job at the OSX level view.
I need Turbo because of owning limited partnerships and it does the job.  It knows the numbers from the year before and makes it easier to own the LPs.
Quickbooks does everything you need in an accounting software package that you need.  I use it for my 3 companies and every version gets better and better.  You can't go wrong buying and using this software
Is turbo tax what can I say does the job and does a good job. Something that I need year after year.
This software does the job very well but it is somewhat difficult to grasp everything you need to know from Intuit's documentation. I purchased another book that made it much easier to figure out what you need to get it working the way you want it to. I have had it a couple of months now and am getting the hang of it. It has all the functions I need for my business which combines services and parts sales. Inventory is very important to me and the software does it well.
Does the job and gets better each year.
Love hate relationship. Love the software. Hate the taxes.
Love it?  Who can 'love' doing taxes?  It does its job to help you feed the monster for another year.

Topic 7: software 0.09757 just 0.06166 don 0.04005 intuit 0.02294 know 0.02074 buy 0.0187 think 0.01608 want 0.01606 didn 0.01516 issues 0.01422
 How Many: 47150
Ok, I'm going to keep this short and sweet. First off, buy this software to manage your finances. After using Money which was crap-ola, I decided to write my own personal web-application to import and manage my finances (yes, I am a web developer). It was very weird to see how close my application matched what Quicken has created. The table row shading, changing categories on the table, etc.

However, I had a lot more to do and I simply don't have the time.

So I looked around and found Quicken. I have used mint.com before...and that was....OK...but not great. So, I went ahead and downloaded Quicken Premier 2011, and WOW! This is everything that I was looking for in a personal finance software and more. I kid you not.

Now, you might have read some of the other negative reviews. Please ignore those. This world is filled with lots of incredibly stupid people. They lie, cheat, and are just plain stupid. Like INCREDIBLY STUPID!!!!!!! They are they type of people that work at Best Buy and tell you that they don't have any rca cables. They are the type that drive in front of you and stop for no reason. These are the people that do shoddy work, who do not have a very sharp mind. They think the wrong things. They epitomize stupidity.

Enough said. This is the software to buy. I should know, because I have spent months developing my own software to manage my finances.

Quicken Premier 2011 imported everything flawlessly from my bank accounts, on-line investment accounts. It helps me keep track of my savings goals (I like to put a certain amount away each month). It tracks my stock trades. It keeps track of how I am paying down my credit card. It is intuitive.

Again...don't listen to the other reviews. Those people unfortunately have some serious type of brain damage or are trying to sabatoge this software. In either case, listen to me. Buy it, but don't pay $89, I paid $50 to download it from Amazon (that is why you are here, right?). Also, I NEVER EVER EVER EVER WRITE REVIEWS BECAUSE I AM LAZY, BUT I DECIDED TO WRITE A REVIEW BECAUSE I READ ALL THE "NEGATIVE REVIEWS" and discovered that those morons are flat out wrong. This software is the bomb! Buy it!
I just want to say kudos to all the 1 - 2 star reviewers. As you can tell by the responses by Intuit, Amazon.com is a place that can affect them, otherwise they would not be wasting their time. Love the ones (Intuit techies) that say they are "passionate" about their work. Yeah, whatever! No corporate goon is "passionate" about his work. Why do people turn into politicos when they work in a corporate environment or work for the government? Get real already! Get the job done and that's it, don't be afraid of goon bosses.
My actual review on the QB 2011 product is 4 stars; although it has been a pain at times that is ok. I realize some of the modern techies everywhere do not have real world experience and therefore do not understand reliability as opposed to creating the "neat" tricks, treats, bells, and whistles on software. It seems software (at times) is overall getting worse in quality because that is where society overall is going, they want the treats instead of good old-fashioned, old-school reliability. I say "they" because I am old-school darn it!
Let's see if Amazon will post this review now or they may say "sorry, this review does not apply to this forum. Post it on YouTube instead" or whatever.
Two stars, Turbotax, for refusing to say ANYWHERE on your website or Amazon's EXACTLY WHAT FORMS are included in this software. Last year you tried to force us to upload to the top tiers if we used anything more elaborate than 1040A or EZ, then you backtracked and offered all forms in an update. What's the situation this year? If I absolutely can't find out, I'll come back here and change it to a one-star rating, along with all your other products. If it's still the basic-basic 1040A/EZ, I'll let the two stars stand. If all forms are indeed included, I'll up it to four stars. But you won't get the five stars that for years I have awarded this product, because you're still trying to force people to buy something they don't need and don't want.

Okay, Turbotax has evidently sworn on the Bible or the Consumer Protection Act that EVERY form is included in Basic, so I'm raising my rating to four stars. I used to give TTax Basic five stars because it did everything I wanted to do at a very reasonable cost. I first ran into trouble last year, though that was retroactively solved; but then the same deceptive statements were made on the Intuit site and the Amazon store, all but declared that if you bought Basic you only got 1040A and 1040EZ and associated files. If you needed one schedule, you must buy Deluxe; if another, then Premier; and if yet another, then Home & Biz, quadrupling the price.

Note that I do not use the interviews. I prefer to work directly with the forms. So Basic is all I ever need.
Sorry I hate those sayings but that one seems to fit at this point. After all the hoopla about the error the company made, I think it is a good idea to take a breath and reflect on (1) the quality of the software and (2) Intuit as a company. After I did, I decided to stay and continue to use TurboTax.

1. The software's quality doesn't seem to be an issue here. Most believe it is an accurate and easy way to file taxes. I was tempted to switch but didn't see the competitor software as a realistic alternative. Given that I've used TurboTax since the first year it was offered, I'm not likely to jump into using a competitor's product out of anger.

2. Intuit did do something surprising and upsetting here, but it certainly appears that they have realized their mistake and completely fixed it. How many companies admit their error and then reverse their decisions? I don't remember any previous issues, so I'm not sure why this is their second strike. Sure, I'd like the pricing to stay the same, but as I expect salary increases each year, I also expect others to do so as well in the form of higher prices for some products.
I see that isn't the issue, though. It's one of trusting the company after they tried to change the product names. I agree that they pulled a serious mistake and they have already admitted that and offered to reset everything for this year as well as future years. I don't know what else they can do to make people feel better. I'm guessing those who are responsible for this will be penalized, and the corporate world most often relieves them of duty. Who will remain? Those who had nothing to do with this decision, and who probably disagreed with the direction of things. There are lots of user-oriented people at Intuit, and their interface is quite polished. I'm not sure it's the best idea to jump ship to what others have said to be an inferior product (but I do not have experience with it).

We have actually benefited from this problem, as the pricing has not increased. Intuit has already suffered greatly from this debacle, but I don't think it's necessary to take out our vitriol on every employee in the firm. It's also short-sighted if the competitor's product is not as good. Some manager or committee made a stupid decision, and I'm sure they are already either gone or marginalized. I don't feel the need to punish the entire company because of one bone-headed leader who is probably already gone (hopefully).

So I'm sticking with TurboTax, as it has served me so well over the last few decades. Ok, Intuit, you're on notice to keep things (1) clear and straightforward and (2) working well.
After reading all the reviews of all the software out there even trying a few nothing was going to fit what I wanted,I fought it for a while waited till I could not keep track anylonger, what a mess changing everything and all the years I have backed up. I have been a quicken user since they started and every 3 years I get pissed that they sundown it. So this year I'm reading all the horrible things that happen to others that have bought it so why are there so many negatives? I don't know, I finally bought it and am really pleased with how it works it is better and they did fix a few stupid things that were in 2009 on of them how it is backed up in one file now and it asks if you want to overwrite the old on. All I can say is maybe people need to update their computers,I build them so I'm on top of the tech side, it works great for me transferred over perfectly, I am a simple user I just do online banking and I you can down load your bank info free. I am giving a 5 star rating because of so many low star reviews,even though I had to shell out the money.
Last year I read all these negative posts and decided to go with the other tax program. I was happy with it but missed Turbo Tax's layout and videos. This year once again I read all the negative comments and almost decided to do mine manually or either with the other program. I bought Turbo Tax and installed with no problem. I had to temporarily remove McAfee Virus, but it installed right after that. Worst part was downloading the update over 1 1/2 hours AOL and dial up...my fault there. I went through the whole program, installed the State Tax for Illinois, and completed it. I printed it with no problems even on a 1996 HP printer that Windows XP does not like, I had to install maually, it wouldn't read the disc. I'd say I'm average on technology, and can't fix mnay problems, but this software is still great. My only reason I can think people are upset is that they don't like all the protections Intuit puts on there product or the computer is older or something. I enjoy it and will buy it again next year. If you are afraid to buy it after these negative posts, remember over 100,00 people buy it and only a few % are unhappy. I have learned though with my Dell computer and AOL, if you are having problems just return it...I don't think any tech companies have good suppport as they are all overseas, and over worked.
Last year I read all these negative posts and decided to go with the other tax program. I was happy with it but missed Turbo Tax's layout and videos. This year once again I read all the negative comments and almost decided to do mine manually or either with the other program. I bought Turbo Tax and installed with no problem. I had to temporarily remove McAfee Virus, but it installed right after that. Worst part was downloading the update over 1 1/2 hours AOL and dial up...my fault there. I went through the whole program, installed the State Tax for Illinois, and completed it. I printed it with no problems even on a 1996 HP printer that Windows XP does not like, I had to install maually, it wouldn't read the disc. I'd say I'm average on technology, and can't fix mnay problems, but this software is still great. My only reason I can think people are upset is that they don't like all the protections Intuit puts on there product or the computer is older or something. I enjoy it and will buy it again next year. If you are afraid to buy it after these negative posts, remember over 100,00 people buy it and only a few % are unhappy. I have learned though with my Dell computer and AOL, if you are having problems just return it...I don't think any tech companies have good suppport as they are all overseas, and over worked.
This year the good folks at Intuit decided they wanted to force everyone to agree to buy the stupid Audit Defense product.  You cannot efile without agreeing to pay for it.  THEY MAKE YOU BUY IT THEN GO TO YOUR ACCOUNT TO CANCEL IT!  AND THIS IS NOT DISCLOSED ON THE PACKAGE.  VERY UNDERHANDED AND UNETHICAL COMPANY TO DEAL WITH. The software itself is fine, and acurate.  4 stars for the software.  The owners or whatever that decided that you MUST PAY  FOR THE AUDIT DEFENSE FIRST ARE MORONS.  (i'm posting about the "hidden" added cost of the software on every site I am a member of, since INTUIT decided to be underhanded cowards in their hiding the True cost of the software).  Truely pathetic business practices.  I'll go back to doing my taxes the old way before agreeing to pay them one dime more than I do for the software.
I have to admit I was scared to try this, especially after all the horrible reviews. I mean, this software sounds worse than child abuse if you believe some of the things people write. But if you just want to keep track of your bank accounts, this software is really a breeze and kind of fun. Certainly it needs some work. I was upset at first about the bill pay - but I can do that just as easily from my online bank account. This is a much more mac-friendly experience, and for those of us who could care less about stocks (stocks smocks) it's actually a big improvement.
I've been a TurboTax user for quite a long time, and the tax prep software has been fantastic.  There's several small things that as I sit here to write this I probably can't remember.  It's just when you're doing your taxes, you go "That's cool", and move on. :)  I do love the ability to check against my own stupidity in entering things incorrectly.  This software is great at what it does.  Properly file my taxes.  Usually finds me a few bucks better in deductions and all that, too.  Honestly, it's tax software.  Hard to write a lot about it.  We all know about filing taxes, this software does that well.

However, about the pricing which most people seem to be talking about..

I don't have a problem with this move. Mostly because I only file one return, and I e-File. For me, this move saves me $5. The program has traditionally cost me about $20 (I buy basic), and then I efile, so my cost in the last few years was $35. Amazon is currently selling this for $30, so I'll save $5.

If I was someone who did multiple efiles then I might feel differently, but for me, this is a positive. I'm not naive, I can see where people might have issues with this due to situation. That I don't have a problem with.

However, a lot of the complaints I'm reading here are from people who seem to like to complain.  God help you if you have a positive opinion about something, you get branded stupid, your opinion is invalid. It seems that the only way you can be accepted anymore on the Internet is to have a negative opinion. Sigh.

Edit: Since I posted this review, I saw some additional text go up on the product description for TurboTax.  This text reads "FREE: 5 federal e-files and unlimited printed returns included with every TurboTax 2008 product."  This was not part of my original review, and it seems to imply Intuit has backed off some of the initial E filing limits.  As I have not filed, I cannot attest to how this actually works at this time.

Topic 8: good 0.082 price 0.04626 amazon 0.03803 worked 0.03672 problem 0.02785 purchase 0.02423 purchased 0.01446 order 0.01091 received 0.01071 downloaded 0.01053
 How Many: 47150
Turbo Tax is a great tax tool but finding one at a good price is usually the most difficult thing to do.  I looked at the box stores' offers and was not impressed.  PC Galaxy offered the best deal through Amazon for price and shipping.  I received a new unopened Turbo Tax Deluxe within days of ordering with standard shipping. Their price with shipping was still below the box store's best prices.  I'll be back next year.
I hate tax season and turbo tax works best for me.  I would like to caution you to only order from Amazon.com.  I ordered my turbotax from another vendor on amazon.  This vendor said ships immediately and since I paid for shipping, I thought that the product would arrive in less than two weeks tops. Imagine my shock when the day after I ordered the product, I was told to expect it in a month.  Well it has been a month and still no turbo tax.  Thank goodness for Amazon's A-Z guarantee.  Other buyers from this particular vendor had the same problem I did.  Amazon on the other hand is amazing.  I ordered it late March 5, cheapskate that I am super saver shipping and it was waiting for me March 7!  If you are ordering something that is time sensitive please only order from amazon.  Saving a couple of bucks is not worth it if the vendor is dishonest and even the a-z guarantee won't make up for lost time.
I'm a long time Amazon customer. I purchased this item from Amazon for $43. A few days later a friend purchased the same item from Amazon for $31. Since Amazon offered such a difference in price in just a few days, it would be good business to make some amends for the ripoff.
PURCHASED IN STORE AND SAW IT AND SEVERAL OTHER ITEMS AT AMAZON.COM FOR WAY CHEAPER. RETURNED EVERYTHING TO STORE AND ORDERED FROM AMAZON.COM. RECEIVED ITEMS QUICKLEY AND ALL WORK GREAT. I WILL ALWAYS CHECK AMAZON FIRST BEFORE I PURCHASE ANYTHING.
I order the QuickBooks PRO from Amazon.  I thought $99 was a reat deal over the advertised prices both on line and in the local computer stores.  The weekend I ordered, all of the computer stores in town advertised the same item for the same price I paid on line PLUS added an extra instruction manual and some software for FREE!  That was the end of thinking I got a good deal on Amazon.
The product is a good one.  I have had to hire a tutor...it's not real easy to learn.
Cheapest price I could find.  Better price than Costco. yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada
Installed this product and I love to use it. Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good.
The product is excellent, I just updated from 2008 ver. skipping one year.
I bought here because it includes the new unopened box and CD.I always buy from the lowest seller and reward them for driving the price down. I want to encourage the greedy sellers to lower their price. But only the True leader of the lowest price should get the sale. NOT the coward that matchs price.
For the past several years I have been purchasing Turbo Tax online based on the website that has the lowest price.  This year Amazon had the lowest price.  Whenever I purchase through Amazon, I always receive my order at a reasonable amount of time and I received my Turbo Tax within a couple of days.
The item was exactly as promised. Brand new and unopened, minus original box/packaging. Installation instructions were on the disk sleeve and there was no issue installing it. The item arrived when promised in top condition.

Topic 9: time 0.09469 money 0.04949 work 0.03786 lot 0.02456 little 0.02454 things 0.02162 long 0.02028 worth 0.01566 took 0.01353 save 0.0117
 How Many: 47150
Well they told me that turbo tax could be done by a 6 yr. old and the truth is it probably can be.  But as a first time user i will say that though instructions were simple to follow one will have to painstakingly work their way through the first time.  You will have to suffer through things such as do not backward the page except unless you use the "back" button (that is if there is one) on the bottom of the page or you will lose everything.  And also understand and remember to always save your work before exiting..I can list a no. of other things as you may say is elementary but to the first time user these issues can be a great headache.  Especially if you have no one to ask.  What may be an hours work can turn into a three day headache...but again...approach it with some common sense and you will have the satisfaction of doing your own taxes as well as saving yourself a few bucks...This year was my first time and i see no reason that i will ever use anything else....
I have been a Money user for a decade or more.  I use it for both business and personal finances.  I liked being able to track all of my business expenses in one place and knowing how much profit/loss I've made since day 1.  I was really worried when I read that Money was going off the market, and disappointed to find that there really aren't any comparable products on the market.  I decided to give Quicken a try, although I was scared by the negative reviews.

I had no trouble at all importing the files from Money.  Everything transferred over, although I did have to spend a little time changing the name of some of the online banking services so that they matched Quicken's.  It also took me a little time to figure out how to set up the business side of things.  But now that everything is set up, it's running smoothly.  There are still some things that aren't great (when I have a transfer between accounts, it doesn't automatically figure things out; I have to go in and adjust things on one side to put it in the right category then go delete the duplicate transaction in the other account), but it wasn't nearly as bad as I feared.

Yes, Money is a little bit slicker in appearance.  But Quicken doesn't really look like something from 1994.  Everything is in one spot, and it's easy to see where the money is coming from and going to.  I like that the business side has the tax categories for schedule C all set up.  Of course it takes a bit of customizing to make it fit my own business needs, but for the most part I haven't had any trouble at all.
I ordered this program based on the reviews. It takes a little time to learn the main features but is worth it. I like it very much and it has brought me up to date with my finances. Needed to use it long ago. Have only had it a short time, still learning. I do not use the online features. I use another program for securing my passwords. And do not need to have my information floating out there in the wide world web. I can see at a glance what has been and what needs to be paid without searching through statements. I do not go Green on statements as I figure that maybe saving the creditors money but uses my ink and paper. Why should I pay more when I already pay for that statement with interest to them. Enjoy!  Inexpensive and worth the money.
This is more expensive than any comparable product but the headaches it saves makes it well worth it. We own a lot of stocks and bonds and have a lot of trades. Listing all of those trades on schedule D was a pain. Using this software I was able to import the trades from my broker. That saved me lots of time and spared me from doing a bunch of tedious and boring work.
Very simply, QuickBooks is the standard for small business.  I would give them 5 stars if the setups for things like office supplies and cogs were already done.  Also the advertising is a little annoying.  I would pay an extra $5.00 to not get the e-mails and pop ups.  We have tried the other solutions and this is still the best.

Invest time up front getting all of your accounts set up correctly.  Trying to fix things later will be a HUGE waste of time.  The time up front will be a bargain.

One of the great tools that I don't see enough people use is building a "package".  For instance if you sell a group of parts the same way every time, build a package.  You can set up automatic purchase orders and automatic work orders in the contractor version.  Imagine taking a phone order for a big job and just clicking one package to invoice, purchase and create a workorder to get all of the paperwork done.

QuickBooks will really help you save time running your business if you spend a little time up front or hire someone to get it all set up correctly from the beginning.
I am still trying to figure out everything that I can do with this item, for beginners it is a little time consuming trying to figure it out but there seems to be lots of tutorials and help out there so I am sure I will get there.
I have been looking for a Microsoft Money replacement for some time, since money is no longer a supported product. Quicken did not import my old money file since my version of Money was too old. However Quicken imported all my bank transactions. There is a short learning curve to use it and I expect that there is a lot more that it does that I will learn as time goes by. I have installed it on windows 8 and it is working quite well. I would recommend this product to others who are looking for a Money replacement.
Background

A Microsoft Money user since Money 2005, I found myself on the "losing" side of a two-way battle between Money and Quicken for the personal finance software space.  When Microsoft made the announcement that Money was no longer going to be supported or updated, I knew I had to make the switch.  I wanted to change over to Quicken quickly so I could successfully run both programs concurrently for a few months.

My use of Microsoft Money Deluxe

I basically used the Deluxe version of Money to adhere to a budget, manage income and expense transactions, as well as forecast how much money I would have by a certain date.  To accomplish the last goal, I used the Money program to created reports which I downloaded into Excel, and then kept up with formulas in an Excel spreadsheet.  I did not use the bill pay or planning features.

My intended use of Quicken Premier

 I wanted to make the step change that I avoided with Money because it would involve a lot of work - namely, this was treating all transactions as a change to net worth instead of  a just an income or expense item.  For example, in Money I simply treated my mortgage payment as an expense.  In Quicken, I am now treating the interest payment as an expense and the principle payment as a transfer to reduce my mortgage loan principle.  In other words, after working with Money for some time I realized I did not set things up optimally, so I used this forced change as a way to start over and do things the right way.  I could have done this with Money as well, but I never did because I had so much history and other processes/macros set up.  Also, I intended to do everything in Quicken, which is why I stepped up to the premier version from Money's deluxe version.

The transition

My experience actually importing Money data into Quicken is not as bad as other reviewers have reported.  All of my transaction history ported over with minimal effort.  All in all, I would give this an 8/10.  I will make some notes below that prevent it from being a 10/10 that hopefully Intuit can address:
*  The Money transactions port over as ALL CAPS while the new Quicken transactions are in Proper Case.  Quicken reads this as two different payees - so automatic bill setting and getting history by payee is not ideal
*  Because of the point above, there are a number of duplicate transactions for the weeks that financial institutions currently report - usually the current 90 days.
*  The default categories in Money transfer over fine and are sometimes changed to the default equivalent in Quicken, which is fine.  However, for user-defined categories there is work to be done.  For example, I had created City Income Tax as a subset of Tax in Money, but Quicken does not recognize it as a tax.
*  I do not like how Quicken puts the cash part of investment accounts as a separate entity from the non-cash part.  In Money, my IRA was simply one account and there was a subset of transactions that were investment or cash related.  In Quicken, they are two accounts - which is an awkward way to handle it.  When I try to change the new "cash" accounts to investment accounts, Quicken stops me saying it will delete all cash transactions.  Not wanting to recreate 5 years of investment transactions, I let it have its way.

First Month Experience

If you are like me, it could take a lot of time to make the transition.  I literally spent HOURS getting everything right, despite starting from a very clean Money file.  Again, I think the bulk of this is because I fundamentally wanted to change how I worked in Quicken relative to Money.  It would have taken a good deal of time to have made the change in Money too.  However, I was new to Quicken so things were simply taking me even longer.  The export to text feature is not nearly as good as Money's export to CSV feature, but I hope to rely less on exporting anyway.  As of now I have all transactions in, all bill reminders set, a Spending Planner created, and a good sense of holistic Net Worth.

The interface

Others have mentioned it, but the interface really is not as slick as it is in Money.  The best way I could put it is that Money looks like it was created by professional programmers while Quicken looks like it was created by amateur programmers.  However, with the clunky interface also comes greater flexibility to do/change things and more speed to create reports.  I am more of a function over form kind of guy, so I think the tradeoffs are mostly positive.

Conclusion

Despite mentioning things in my review that I did not like, I am happy overall with the change.  There really isn't anything Money Deluxe 2007 could do that Quicken Premier 2010 can't.  It might do things differently, which longtime Money users might find quirky, but it does them (at least stuff I did).  While it might look rough around the edges and take you a long time to get it exactly as you want it, it is probably a better program than Money overall.  I am continually impressed by how flexible the program is and how many "I wish Money could do..."s that it can do.  Put another way, after 5 years of working in Money, I am pretty much 100% on Quicken and have had it for just a month.  I feel I have a better understanding of my net worth and my day-to-day cash flow.  The program has enough features and reports that I no longer feel the need to supplement it with Excel work as I did with Money.  In summary, I recommend making the switch, prepare to spend a lot of time getting it the way you want, and get to know some of the neat things that Quicken can do.
QuickBooks enhanced payroll is a substantial ($170) savings over an annual renewal with Intuit. However, in order to save, Intuit MUST be called on the telephone in order to receive proper credit for the enhance PR and $100 upgrade for unlimited employees. I was charged a LOT more and it took a lot of time to rectify this matter with their terrible telephone support. The erroneous charges were taken care of and then some, but it took the better part of 3 hours (and a lot of complaining) until the last support person really took the reins. I may just renew through Intuit next year to avoid losing those years on my life. Buyer Beware.
I was a long time Peachtree user.  20+ years.  I was happy enough with the program because I was used to it. But my business changed and I had less time for bookkeeping.  I always knew about Quickbooks but I didn't want to go through the effort to switch.  Then came Quickbooks Online Essentials.  There was lots to like about the app.  It's all online so I can access my data from any computer.  There's a companion app for my smartphone (I run by business from my phone!) This is very important to me because I am driving a route every day.
A couple of days ago a customer called to say she had deleted my invoice and wanted to pay it.  I pulled over and quickly sent her a copy.  She paid it within 10 minutes.
The invoice arrives at the customer's computer with a button that lets them pay with their bank account, credit or debit card.  THEY can pay it without any action on my part.  That saves ME time.
My monthly invoices are generated automatically every month with no input on my part.  Saves time.
Sales Receipts (customers that pay via credit card) are generated automatically and the funds appear in my account.  Saves time.
All my bank transactions (deposits, outgoing payments) appear in the program automatically. Saves Time.
The program does my Sales taxes for me.  A couple of clicks and I'm done. Saves time.
The program does my 941 taxes for me. Saves time.

The program generates my paychecks every week.  Saves time.

I am a small business owner. I love having some of my time back. I love QuickBooks for giving me time.

Topic 10: like 0.10121 download 0.05406 really 0.04131 able 0.03708 having 0.02416 happy 0.02415 nice 0.0168 thing 0.01481 look 0.01231 wish 0.01169
 How Many: 47150
It's ok. It's ok.  It's ok.  It's ok.  It's ok.  It's ok. It's ok. Eight more words required. Ok. Ok.
When I first fired up 2014 it was different but quickly found it was a nice change of pace. The one screen I am still having problems or concerns with is the overview screen that shows all of the finances. I like the old look better on that. I do like the quick links bar on the left over the top. I do like the new interface and seems to have a nice workflow about it. The one thing I was really hoping for coming soon was support for the iPad. I run a purely mobile/digital office and spend more time with the iPad then I do with the computer in the field.
One thing I particularly like is the ability to scan in receipts and cross reference them to the vender and customer. We often have questions about a particular part installed on a vehicle months later, and it is nice to be able to pull up the actual receipt without having to go through a lot of hard copies to find what we need.
This was the lowest price I found for the Deluxe version I needed. OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
My Money software was "acting up". Shutting down without saving and other "stuff", and there was no tech support to tell me what if anything was wrong. So, I checked out Quicken and then checked out Amazon. Having the product download to my computer was a really good thing. So far, I am happy with this product. I had to learn a few things about it, but they gave a really good tour and I am really happy with it. Thanx Amazon and what ever powers that be for offering this.
Rene'
Quickbooks Online Plus is very intuitive it has a lot of options for company branding.  The ability to connect with your bank accounts is really nice so I can mark company expenses through quickbooks is so handy.

The one thing that I feel that it falls a little short on is the custom reports it is a little difficult to find the options of what I would like to print.  I like to track a select few items month to month.  Navigating through the options feels a little messy and frustrating.  Also a little more freedom with the custom invoices would be nice.  Other than that I am extremely happy with Quickbooks Online Plus.

I hope sometime soon we will have the option of Apple Pay for our customers also.
If teal green isn't one of your favorite colors, then you're going to find that using Quicken 2007 will make you nauseous. In fact, you may want to delay your upgrade until Intuit addresses this issue. I wish I had.

It seems like it would be a simple matter for Intuit to offer users a choice of theme colors or skins. Or perhaps someone could write a software patch to do this?

I like the way Quicken 2006 looks and wish that 2007 kept the same look and feel. Other than that, it is an excellent program with only a few minor flaws.
I like this version of Quicken so far (Quicken 2016 for Mac), I haven't had any problems with it.  I have been using it for about a month.  At first, it had a little trouble working with my Target REDcard account, but that has since been resolved.  Any other problems I might run into I feel confident I can solve using the help of the Quicken support forum.

I also really like the app that accompanies this software.  I like being able to access my overall balance on my phone.  Hooray for technology.

Overall, I recommend this product (at least so far!)
i did download it in april. i'm thinking all the download fixes happened and i did not encounter any trouble in april. worked like a charm just like any other year.
Going on my 10th year of using Turbotax and am a loyal fan.  Any issues I have ever had are quickly corrected by their tech support.

Also appreciate the ability to be able to download it directly.  No sense in wasting boxes and paper.  The only thing I would like to see is a price break for downloading.  There is no doubt it costs them less when someone downloads and I think a price break would get more customers to download.

Topic 11: recommend 0.05412 needed 0.03687 highly 0.02428 understand 0.01896 thanks 0.01524 ease 0.01477 thank 0.0142 definitely 0.0111 exactly 0.01051 intuitive 0.01011
 How Many: 47150
Thanks so much for all you've done through the years to constantly improve QuickBooks for small businesses like mine. Thanks for all the free education and online training that has made learning it seamless. You can totally get your worth by all you've done! You listen to us, your consumers, and you provide training and insight and changes accordingly. I can't thank you enough for what you've taken off of me by being there with this essential and amazingly easy software! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
I have found using qb online easy to input, easy to understand, easy to get reports and easy to get help when needed.  Thank you.  I have already recommended qb online to several of my friends and family. And I have the peace of mind knowing that quickbooks is protecting both our and our customer's information.  I wish I had made the switch sooner.
Great product and quick service highly recommend them for future purchases.  Use them when you can tell you friends the come highly recommended
I have been a user of TT for a number of years and truly enjoy the program format, the excellent manner in which the program goes into details to assist the user and, finally, the agreement that TT makes to guarantee accuracy and expert assistance by professionals in the event of IRS inquiries.  I highly recommend TT to anyone who wants to achieve the best possible tax return for both federal and state requirements.  Anyone using the program will enjoy the ease of use and definitely the final results in filing and rebates!
Turbo Tax Deluxe was so easy to work with, I would definitely recommend it to all of my friends and family, we will definitely purchase it every year from now on....
I've used Turbo tax since the early nineties, and have continued to appreciate the simplicity of preparing returns with this software.  I have recommended it to friends and family, who have also enjoyed the ease of preparation.
Once again. Thank you for a excellent product. I highly recommend it. Thank you.
Thank you! Thank you! for this wonderful,blessed, and so helpful program. I know my boyfriend loves me because by sharing this he's contributing financial independence to my life plus the knowledge in how technology is a blessing and agreat contribution to our lives and for our future family's lives, such as this. If this has been working for my honey Kam then I for sure know it'll help me. This is coming from a woman who wants to have control and be independently involved in my financial affairs of my life. Quicken fits perfectly into my catergory of life for personal use. I also heard and love quickbooks but that program does not work for me in what I need in my life.
Thank you!!!
nice great wonderful super duper awesome terrific wonderful just what i needed and seller is tops in my book s
Direct from Intuit, on time as advertised at a very competitive price, I would definitely recommend them to friends, family and associates.

Topic 12: quicken 0.10162 mac 0.02331 accounts 0.02011 data 0.01861 account 0.01375 transactions 0.01373 bank 0.01339 update 0.00966 credit 0.00879 windows 0.00866
 How Many: 47150
I have been using Quicken since the early 90's and therefore have a large history that I wanted to keep. I made the switch to Mac a couple of years ago and was unable to find a financial program that would allow me to keep my history and complete the things that I wanted to track, and therefore I have been continuing to run Quicken for Windows 2013 using Parallels on my Mac. It is SUPER SLOW!

Finally, QM 2015 is here! This program does mostly what I want. I was part of the beta team and am very happy with the stability of the final product.

The conversion process worked well except my larger primary checking and credit card which have a very large history. I was able to track down the specific errors and get my QM 2015 in line with my QW 2013 in about 30 minutes. All my other accounts, to include my investment accounts converted seamlessly! You must install the conversion utility on your Windows machine/partition and convert from there. Then import the converted file over to your Mac.

The interface is much cleaner than QW. I actually like it and found QW packed with a lot of features I never used. I want to track my money and know how much I really have, not what I have in this moment. This is where there are still some shortcomings. The Account Bar on the left only shows the current balance, not the projected balance. To see that, you must go to the individual account and select Projected Balance on the top right.

Downloads seem to work with all my institutions the same as with QW 2013. Be careful. Some banking shows differently than in QW. My children's Youth Spending accounts have a different bank name than my bank, which was not the case in QW. There was a learning curve to match up downloaded transactions with scheduled transactions. In QW 2013, there is a separate window that shows all your downloaded transactions and you can manually match them and accept them with your register. In QM 2015, the downloaded transactions show up directly in your register. If they have a matching scheduled transaction, you must find it in your register and drag the two together depending on which one you want to maintain the name.

The register is also different from QW. You can right click on the columns to choose what you want to display. I have not found a way to default all registers to how I want it displayed so you must tailor each account to your liking. For example, I like having Reconcile, and Transfer columns which are not in the default column display, so I must right click and choose these for each of my accounts. Reconciling is easy and intuitive.

I have not worked much with reports or budgets yet. I do really like the default page that shows a graph chart showing spending and performance.

All and all, it is a good start. The Quicken for Mac team has plans to continually add features throughout the year. My biggest wish is to have Projected Balances show on the Accounts Bar to show how much I actually have. I will continue to run my QW and QM for a month or so to make sure that they are staying the same, but so far I am happy with QM 2015 and will be upgrading the stars to 5 once I am happy with the added features.
Quicken 2015 for Mac is a long-awaited update to Quicken Essentials and the successor to Quicken 2007.  I used Quicken Essentials because Quicken 2007 for Mac would not function on Intel Macs. However, Essentials was a limited application and as soon as a patch was made to allow me to use Quicken 2007 again, I did so since its functionality and flexibility surpassed that of Essentials.

Quicken 2015 promises to be everything that Essentials was not, returning much of the functionality that 2007 had had.  It is a great improvement over Essentials but needs a few more improvements before it is the app that longtime Mac Quicken users have been waiting for.

The ability to see upcoming transactions in the register view (a feature shared with Essentials) is really nice and helps with planning and budgeting. However, the absence of a calendar view (found in Q2007) for those same upcoming (and present) transactions is disappointing. Similarly, the reporting feature is not as flexible and customizable as Q2007, though the available reports (such as the Tax Schedule Report) are helpful. And while investments and securities are far more transparent than in Essentials (you can see individual transactions in one's investment funds rather than the total only--a major reason I downgraded from Essentials to 2007), you still cannot manually adjust the prices of securities.  If you have an investment that is not listed on an exchange (private pensions, for example) there is no way to add the value of the security.  Thus, a portfolio may display a value that is far removed from the actual value.

Now, many of these features will be added (according to the support forums), so purchasing Quicken 2015 is still worth it if you want an up-to-date application that does have a number of features that are really helpful (the transaction download is much improved) and if you're willing to bank on what this app has the potential to be.  As a 20-year quicken user, I know what Quicken can be capable of and so I am investing in this app not only for what it is, but what I expect its updates and refinements to be.
Update May 26,2013. I give it 5 stars now. The Quicken team seems to have solved the issues. I use the mobile app on both my iPad and Android smart phone. The syncing works well and online/ending balances match desktop Quicken. Even the issue with Wells Fargo has gone away. The Desktop Quicken is faster to update and seems to require less bandwidth. I have Hughesnet sattelite for an ISP and when previous versions of Quicken were updating nothing else could be done with the internet until it finished. So something seems to have been made more efficient.

pdate January 4, 2013. I am upping this to 2 stars. I was contacted via this review by Quicken and eventually we made contact and spent a lot of the time on the phone. Much of my original review below in regard to Wells Fargo was a completely unrelated glitch exactly at the time I was installing and trying to configure Q13 and Mobile. So WF now works and syncs to the cloud and appears properly on the mobile app (Android Jelly Bean 4.1 on Galaxy Note 2). You have to sign in separately on the mobile app for Wells Fargo but that is not an app problem but a contractual requirement of WF with Quicken. I was told WF was unique in this regard.

I was prepared to up my review to 4 stars but for the life of me I cannot figure out how to add a tag to a new transaction in the mobile app. You are presented with your list of tags with check boxes. But check a box and nothing happens. No "Save", or "OK" or anything at all. And pressing back on the device leaves the tag field unfilled in the transaction. So the mobile app does not do the ONE THING that I really wanted it for -- to enter transactions on the road rather than saving all the paper until I was in front of my PC again.

If Ken, or someone else from Quicken could help with this entry issue I would appreciate it. I have searched the web and Quicken sites and could find nothing on this issue. Am I just missing something obvious?

Two other things that are just annoying: Quicken proudly announced in its latest release that it now reminds you to sync with the cloud before closing. That is another mouse click for me. I can see that some might like this but I could find nothing in settings that would allow one to toggle this off or on.

The other annoying thin is in the mobile app. When you go to enter a payee it stops and announces that it is searching for local businesses. Again, this just gets in the way of what I want to do. I personally can never see me using it that way. But maybe. Again, I would like to be able to toggle that on or off.

One more serious item: On the Android app you can toggle between online and ending balances. At least you can for checking and savings accounts. But for Credit cards what you see is online balance (good so far) but then the toggle shows you not your ending balance as you would see on your desktop version but your Credit Limit! Why? The assumption I guess was that one would happily go on charging as long as the online balance did not exceed the card limit. But I need to see, just as with checking, not only what the online balance is but what the balance is after my entries that are in the future.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Interesting pricing at Amazon. As I write this today Q Premium is sixty nine dollars. Just 6 days ago I bought it here for fifty eight. I went ahead with the purchase as I thought with so many really, really negative reviews there was a good chance that mostly things were going ok with Q13 but when they went bad they went really bad so maybe I would be one of the lucky ones. Did not happen.

I had none of the conversion problems mentioned in other reviews, all my data converted fine. But the point of buying this update is the mobile component. I have had so many different problems that I cannot even troubleshoot them. Just when I think I have figured out what is going on some completely different thing raises its head. For example over the last several days in trying to get the mobile syncing to work correctly I have activated and deactivated my Wells Fargo accounts a number of times. I get "error updating account" on the mobile gadget sometimes, sometimes not. No more information. Over three days the reactivation of my accounts from the desktop Quicken with Wells Fargo resulted in a "Direct Connection" established which I do not want because WF charges $3 a month for that. Q desktop then reports that I can change the connection to "Express Web Connect". Ok. But then I have to call WF to cancel my Direct Connect so I do not get charged three dollars. I have had to do that five times so far. On my most recent activation yesterday Quicken finally did as it should and asked me upfront if I wanted Direct Connect or Express Web. It appeared to work ok with Wells Fargo. But in doing a standard update in Q desktop my checking account updated fine but my savings account does not because of error-CC-800 the solution to which in the help screen for the error has no relation to my situation.

Earlier I was getting alerts on both the desktop and mobile versions that Wells Fargo wanted more security information. But no path on the mobile device led to a solution. Today, even though I am getting this CC-800 error for my saving account I tried syncing the accounts to Q Cloud/mobile again. Checking works it seems but I get an error message on the saving account "due to a connectivity Issue Quicken is unable to verify your password for this account" What?? I do not have a connection problem on my end. Does Quicken on its end? I don't know, and what does that mean? And what am I to do about it?

Again today, seemingly successful in at least syncing my WF checking account to Q cloud/mobile, I check my mobile device and the Online balance on my iPod Touch is wrong by one cleared transaction and the Quicken Desktop "Ending Balance" is not even close -- nor am I able to figure out where it came up with the amount it did.

I started several days ago by using the Mobile app on my iPad. I could not figure out why I could see an Online Balance but no Quicken Ending Balance. I struggled with that for sometime, checked Quicken's support site and a nice rep called me back. There was no error -- The app for the ipod is DIFFERENT from the iPad app. The iPad app does not have a toggle to show Quicken ending balance and will show up in a later release. Was I somehow supposed to know that? I spent a lot of time on that.

I really do not know where to turn for help. The problems are different each time it seems. Does syncing Q desktop with Q Cloud somehow effect the standard update between Q desktop and my financial institutions? I don't see how but I am not an engineer and it seems trying to get the mobile function going just messes up my standard Quicken Desktop operation.

I see that Quicken reps have appeared here now and then and if one would like to get in touch with me and stick with me through all of these many issues and those that are sure to arise I would appreciate it.

But other than that I do not even know what I would do if I tried to contact support and get asked, "What's wrong?" Where would I start? It is just broken and the mobile function has no use to me at all and the desktop version is acting up anytime I try to get the mobile going. And I am tired of calling Wells Fargo and asking them to again cancel my "Direct Connection"

I am retired so I have had the time to spend on this. And although I am not an engineer I consider myself a high end lay user of things technical and have kind of a hobbyist interest in it. But this has taken up even too much of my time and my interest starts to wane when I can see no path at all to resolution. I think I will just give up on the mobile aspect until I see new releases on both the Desktop and Mobile versions.

I have great sympathy for those of you out there with full days and just want a product that increases your productivity rather than diminishes it.

P.S. Just checked the mobile app on my iPod for Wells Fargo checking: "Error Updating Account" Sigh...
Being a long time Mac user with ~25 years of financial data, I've used Quicken for Mac 2007 since its release. I tried Quicken Essentials and found it was basically unusable. When Quicken for Mac 2015 was released, I migrated my Quicken 2007 data to Quicken 2015 and will stay with it as Quicken 2007 is showing its age and Windows pedigree.

There are some issues with Quicken 2015 but overall the underpinnings are there for a good Mac version of Quicken. Like many Mac users, I feel that Intuit has not given the Mac platform its due. Nevertheless, I am willing to give Intuit the chance to correct their mistake if that will result in a good Mac version of Quicken.

There is a serious performance degradation when the Quicken data file contains a lot of transactions. I have one credit card account that contains over 15,000 transactions and Quicken is very slow when using this account and also very slow at start up.

Another issue is that intermittently, account balances are not updated correctly after a new transaction has been entered. The account balance itself is correct but the amount shown on the screen is not. Intuit is aware of this problem and is working on a solution.

The two most glaring omissions from Quicken 2015 are no integrated bill pay and a very limited reporting capability. The bill pay is not an issue for me as I use my bank's payment system but the reporting does need some work.

I see Quicken for Mac 2015 as a work in progress and there has been progress since its initial release.

I think that Intuit is making an effort as Quicken 2015 has some capabilities that don't exist in the 2007 version. The other plus is the Mac like user interface which is vastly better than the older versions of Quicken.

Review edit December 16, 2014: Intuit just released an update to version 2.3.1 which includes improved reporting.

Review edit May 02, 2015: Intuit has fixed the serious performance degradation as of release 2.4.2. They have also improved the reporting capability to where I can generate the same reports as I had in Quicken 2007. I just installed version 2.5.0 which fixed a split transaction categorization reporting bug and a report customization bug that I had reported to Intuit as well as other improvements.

The bottom line is that this is not a ported Windows version of Quicken but an Mac based approach to financial software. It works well and actually has a lot of capability that doesn't exist in previous versions of Quicken.

I see many negative reviews that say that Quicken 2015 can't do this and can't do that when in reality it often can but in a better, albeit different, way.

The trick is to keep an open mind and a willingness to explore the software and try new things. Personally, I have been surprised at how versatile and good the software actually is.
I was cursing QH&B13 every day when I first got it last year.  I wanted to be able to enter transactions when I was on travel in my phone and it seemed like a great new version to implement.  But it was very buggy, had quirks beyond belief and appeared to have corrupted my finances more than once.  After weeks and months of calling, posting, chatting (and cursing), I got them resolved one by one. Now with Q13 Release 12, Intuit seems to have resolved most of its bugs.  It no longer corrupts data routinely.  It's interface to the iOS app works well.  Downloading from banks and financial institutions goes smoothly without errors.  I no longer get an error message everytime I load or exit the application.  It's main features have been restored.

I mark this version down to 4 starts for 3 reasons: (1) it shouldn't take 12 major releases to get it right!  Quicken should never have released Q13 with all the major bugs you will read about in these reviews.  (2) the budgeting has been FIXED so that it is now worthless.  You cannot choose all the categories you need to budget, and you cannot setup items that occur yearly or quarterly that spike your monthly budget.  Since this is the purpose of a budget (to anticipate and manage spending), it is now a completely useless feature instead of being simply bad in prior releases.

And (3) they have messed with categories in setup and they cannot be changed.  I have an existing mortgage that I setup with my bank to download transactions.  Quicken changed the categories, locked down the transaction file and actual transactions can only be viewed with a report (that took several calls and support posts to figure out).  This is a FEATURE and will not be changed.  So I setup the mortgage account manually again trying to use my existing categories, but Quicken insisted on setting up its own Categories for the mortgage, interest, and escrow.  I was able to change the Mortgage and Escrow categories to existing accounts after a lot of work, but the INTEREST category is a fixed name and cannot be changed in a scheduled transaction.  So every month, I have to go add it back in.  I had the same problem setting up my paycheck in Quicken.  It uses new categories it has setup for Q13 for various taxes, medical insurance, and etc.  These can be changed back to what I have used from previous versions of Quicken, but again, it is painful to track everything down, and do it month after month until once again I am tracking interest in one category, mortgage principal in one account, medical insurance in one category, retirement payments in one investment account, federal tax in one category, ss in one category, medicare in one category, etc.  You can begin to see how complex this gets when everything gets automatically changed and reports no longer give you accurate totals and you have to look at many different categories and accounts to get this year's total to compare to last year's data.

If you are starting to use Quicken from scratch and have no existing data, this will not be a concern for you.  But if you have history that you want to preserve, and track your finances for more than one year at a time (as many of us have used Quicken for years and many versions), then this is a new FEATURE that will make you crazy.

With no other options for tracking multiple accounts, investments, home business accounts, it is still the best game in town,  But Buyer Beware!
Quicken Essentials for Mac takes all the work out of watching my finances. I can easily update the information from my three financial institutions and the reports feature allows me to view all the data from my financial institutions as a whole. I created my own hierarchial category list and the categories enter easily when I create a new transaction. Entering credit or debit amounts never gets mixed up due to failure to insert a minus sign since the minus sign is automatically entered depending on where the amount is entered, on the left or the right. The scheduled transactions allow me to project future cash flow. I simply scan ahead on the balance column to see where things might get tight and then I can cut back on spending. I use a lot of automatic deposits and automatic payments on my bank accounts or credit cards to pay bills and the scheduled transactions keep track of it all for me automatically. Gone are the days of trying to keep a checkbook up-to-date when entries are missing; the automatic downloads from my financial institutions keep track it all. I don't keep up a checkbook register and even though I have duplicate checks, I rarely look at them since a copy of the check is available online at my financial institution. I can access the check copy online and update that information in the Quicken transaction. Reconciling bank statements is a breeze. I go online to my financial institutions to confirm the balance of each account and enter the balance in Quicken and click a button to compare downloaded transactions checkmarked as cleared. Like I said, I no longer spend a lot of time and frustration watching my finances with Quicken Essentials.
I've been a Quicken user since 2001 and a lot has change. I was looking at the snapshot receipt feature and the attachment feature to the registry and was trying to decide if it was worth upgrading from 2013 and man was it worth it and I'll give you a few scenarios as to why.

First off, I don't use the auto download feature to import my transactions from my bank account. I enter all of my reoccurring bills and deposits as reminders and then I enter my purchases into my registry manually and audit my online statement. The reason why I do this is because my statement contains all kinds of useless information about each transaction that I simply do not care to look at and I feel funny about Quicken having access to my bank account information. I also use to save all of my receipts and then bag them for each year just in case of an audit.

Scenario 1: My wife goes out shopping and I'm always reminder her "Please enter you receipts into Quicken from your iPhone Quicken app as soon as possible". When she enters them in she spells the payee differently than I do on the desktop application and it's annoying when trying to run a report. Since quicken likes to remember everything you've typed it's also annoying to see Walmart spelled different ways when trying to enter a new transaction.

Solution: The snapshot receipt feature fixes this issue because all she has to do now is take a photo of the receipt and enter the amount. Afterwards, I log into the desktop application, download the transactions from the cloud, look at the receipt and update the transaction with the payee name, category and possibly add a memo. A memo isn't necessary anymore because the receipt image explains the purchase. Very simply process now and we're both happy.

Scenario 2: I receive a statement about a re-occurring bill that I already have a bill reminder in Quicken about. I scan the bill statement into my computer, save it as a PDF and wait for the bill due date to arrive. When it's time to pay the bill I go online, make the payment and then receive an online confirmation window about my payment. So I ask myself, how do I capture this payment confirmation window without saving the page and add it to the registry into Quicken?

Solution: The new Quicken 2014 allows you to save any file attachment to any recorded transaction directly into the registry. I enter my bill reminder into the registry, attach my scanned PDF statement to the registry and then I use the Windows built-in snipping tool to capture the payment confirmation window. I don't have to save the screen capture in the snipping tool application because Quicken will automatically paste anything from the clipboard (snipping tool) into your transaction, and in this case, saves it as an image file. Brilliant!!!! Now I don't have to remember to delete files from things that I've captured through the Windows snipping tool. I can also preview the attachment in Quicken because it was saved as an image file. All other files do not preview within Quicken, you have to open the file to view the content.

Another note about attaching a file into your registry transaction using the Add from clipboard feature in Quicken: If you highlight any text and hit CTRL+C (copy hot key) it pastes to the clipboard and Quicken will paste text you've CTRL+C'ed into a text file and it does this without having to save the text file. This is nice feature and I will definitely use this for emails confirming payments that have posted.

The other interesting thing I figured out is deleting any file, image etc... has no effect to the Quicken registry. If you save an image file and attach it to a registry entry it doesn't care if you've deleted the original file. Being a former DBA it would seem that it's storing it in the database, but I'm not certain of this.

You can get really crazy with Quicken like tracking compounded interest rates on loans, credit cards etc... to determine how much of your payment is going toward interest and principal......blah....blah...blah....boring financial stuff that most people don't care to know about.

In summary, this has got to be one of my favorite versions of Quicken and I'm looking forward to seeing what's in store for the future.
We've waited a long time, but now it's here. Quicken 2015 Mac. I was a beta tester for Quicken 2015 Mac and have watched and contributed suggestions and bug related reports. Quicken 2015 Mac is not a glossed over Quicken Essentials. It's Essentials plus much more. Quicken 2015 Mac is not a finished product and free feature improvements are included. It syncs with the Quicken mobile app on your iPhone, iPad or Android device. You can snap and store receipts and receive mobile and email alerts.  Quicken automatically displays investing performance and tracks cost basis and capital gains Quicken 2015 has drag-and-drop transaction matching. Quicken Essentials can't do any of the fore mentioned features. Quicken 2015 Mac is new technology written from the ground up. If you want to step in place, Essentials is your product, but if you want to go to the head of the line, Quicken 2015 Mac is for you. Am I biased, you bet I am and I'm a Quicken 2015 Mac user. I have Essentials and I've converted over to Quicken 2015 Mac, so should you.
{In the interest of full disclosure, I received a copy of Quicken Premier 2013 as a part of the Vine reviewers program.}

I bought version 1.0 of Quicken long ago. My last version purchased was from the late 1990s for the Mac, and I used it until Intuit started messing with the download capability and noted the next version would change everything. At that point in 2002, I gave up on Quicken. Managing money through inconsistent bank data downloads was simply not working.

A decade later, I received Quicken 2013. You would think Intuit would get most financial institutions on-board with data download functionality over the course of 10 years, and--for the most part--you would be right. (More on that later.) Accessing financial institutions online is the lifeblood of Quicken. With so much of our lives lived through the Internet now, if Quicken didn't interface well with the Web, forget it.

Quicken 2013 is a sprawling, huge app. Delving its many depths is nearly impossible, so I'll try to stick to the parts of the software I actually use.

INSTALLING QUICKEN

Installation of Quicken 2013 was a pleasant surprise. Between the initial install and the subsequent online updating, the entire process took about six minutes. I expected far longer. Registration was more tedious than it should have been though.

INTERFACE

Though I am familiar with Quicken from years ago, I was surprised how little of the program had changed. The interface wasn't a dated, visually driven Web 2.0 mess, nor was it all text. Instead, the look is a simple, timeless blend of text and unobtrusive graphics. I liked that the main screen gave approximate times for task completions within the software. The Get Started functions were familiar to me, since I've been a longtime TurboTax user. The software is worked through a series of tabs (detailed below), with more granular functionality offered through five menus (File, Edit, View, Tools, Reports, and Help).

ACCOUNT SETUP

Here's the truth about Quicken: It's a sophisticated spreadsheet with a slick interface. Like any spreadsheet, its worth is based on the quality and organization of its data. While Quicken provides users with a decent means for organizing their financial data, it is still subject to the rule of Garbage In, Garbage Out.

Unlike some Quicken users who have issued scathing reviews of Q13 because it supposedly mangled importing data from previous versions of Quicken, I came to it fresh and set up everything from scratch.

To avoid Garbage In, Garbage Out, I tried hard to set up accounts to the best of the app's ability and for the most part succeeded. My data consists of about two dozen different banks and financial institutions. Building all of those accounts from scratch was tedious, but not because Quicken didn't offer me the right choices. It's simply a case of being careful how data is entered.

Quicken breaks accounts into Spending & Saving, Investing & Retirement, Property & Assets, and Loans & Debt. Each of those categories comes with three or four subcategories of accounts. Most users will find every option they need for classifying their data.

That said, the devil is in the details, and choosing the right options for data will largely determine how effective Quicken is at revealing what you need to know about that data. That setup IS tedious because anyone with a few dozen financial accounts who really wants to use Quicken well and ensure that EVERYTHING that comes in and out of those accounts is tracked correctly will need to guarantee that each account has all its options correctly enabled.

Here's the thing: It took me almost a week to get those two dozen accounts set up. And I'm still not really done getting them all to talk with each other. I spent a few hours on the phone with banks trying to get online accounts I haven't really accessed up and running so Quicken could use them. That's not Quicken's fault, but it's a reality for some users.

What's disappointing to me is that it's 2013 and STILL not every financial institution is on-board with Quicken. The large 529 we invest in for our son's college education, one of the biggest of its kind around, STILL lacks Quicken compatibility, though it is promised. (I feel a flashback to 1999 coming on.) So we have to monitor those transactions by hand. And any account monitored manually detracts from the whole point of using Quicken. If you can't download and monitor EVERYTHING, then the picture Quicken displays of your personal financial health won't be entirely accurate.

BASIC FUNCTIONALITY

Quicken breaks its functionality into seven main screen tabs: Accounts, Home, Bills, Planning, Investing, and Property & Debt. The usefulness of each tab will depend on the time you wish to devote to maintaining its functionality.

I don't use Quicken to pay bills, so I've not used that tab.

The Planning tab contains your budget. It also includes the ability to run a plan to reduce outstanding debt over time, a retirement planner, a "life event" planner, tax prep, and savings goal management for special needs (e.g., vacation, college).

The Investing tab allows users to track investments (as entered through Accounts) in a separate portfolio, including their performance over time (with nice charts), and monitor the type of investment as part of a total set of investment allocations. It can show risk assessments of those investments, performance rankings from Morningstar, and any balancing issues it uncovers.

The Property & Debt tab calculates net worth over time and by type of account. If you want a good visual of what's happening on your credit cards, this is the place to view it.

Other tools and capabilities include a host of reporting features, with Missing Checks one of the most useful. You can track maturity dates for bonds and CDs, capital gains, spending by categories (which requires you set up categories properly--GIGO again), select from 15 different chart types for showing your data, and so on.

I'm not certain what I CAN'T do with Quicken. Supposedly, Q13 includes more robust mobile access and functionality, but I'm not one for using my phone for financial updates, so I can't comment on that new capability.

SPEED & UPKEEP

I run Quicken on an i5-based computer and find it plenty responsive, with no lags. The automatic backup function works well, automatic updating of the app works as expected, but while the One-Click account update is simple, it's not always speedy. That can't be blamed entirely on Quicken, as some financial institutions seem more slow to access than others, but expect the One-Click account update to take about five minutes to run if you have more than 20 accounts.

CONCLUSIONS

Quicken is a good app for managing your money, and the 2013 edition seems worthwhile to someone coming fresh to it. Since I did not import old data, I can't speak to how well it imports data from earlier editions of the app. Again, the Achilles' heel of Quicken is how well you as the user set up and categorize initial accounts and their data. Mess up here, and Quicken becomes less useful. The app tries to help users do this, and for the most part it succeeds, but if you feed garbage into Quicken, that's what you'll get out of it.
Just moving over from Windows and am a longtime Quicken user who upgrades every year, so Ive been using Quicken Windows 2015 until a couple days ago.  Ive never extensively used many of the product features like reporting, budgeting, investment tracking, etc.  I primarily use it to download transactions, be reminded of and pay bills, and account reconciliation.

When you first load up the Mac version, its initially confusing.  You have to install an app on your Windows device that exports your Quicken file into a format that can be imported into Mac Quicken 2015  online account access doesnt transition so well; all my accounts had to be redone for that.  It took several tries, as the option for Direct Connect doesnt automatically appear as a choice so everything wound up as Quicken Connect.  The option to change to Direct is tucked away and took me a while to find.

Once set up and syncing, accepting of transactions is a lot different than I was used to.  Theyre in the register, with a check-mark which means it cleared.  If they're newly downloaded, theres a blue dot to the left that you click and select reviewed.  Jarring at first, but now I prefer it  more intuitive and faster.  The entire sync process is faster as well.  I do wish there was something in the account list that indicated new transactions for review, then I wouldnt have to select each account to check.  Seems like a glaring omission.

I knew prior to purchasing that there is no bill pay functionality in the Mac version, apparently something to be added later.  Ive been using Prism bill pay on my iPhone for a while now and actually prefer it  bills are often paid within minutes of the transaction, and always at some point the day you initiate the bill payment.  With Prism, the due dates are based on biller data, and not what youve entered into Quicken as the due date.  This makes the lack of bill pay in Quicken less of an issue for me, but I can see how other users may be disappointed.

Account reconciliation is a lot more forgiving in Quicken Mac.  Specifically, there are times when I know the online balance should be the same as what I show in the register, but for some mysterious reason they're different.  With Windows Quicken, I would have to create an adjustment for the amount and mark it reconciled.  With the Mac version, I can just adjust the starting balance in the reconciliation screen to bring the difference to zero.  Accountants might not like this method, but I do ;-)

Overall, I like the program and think once they add bill pay, itll appeal to more people.

Topic 13: business 0.06261 quickbooks 0.0571 small 0.02362 home 0.01861 accounting 0.01824 payroll 0.01819 qb 0.01567 online 0.01415 pro 0.01261 service 0.01143
 How Many: 47150
QuickBooks Pro is a great accounting program for small businesses at an affordable price. QuickBooks Premier provides additional features and specialized reports.  QuickBooks is very easy to use once the program is set up for your business. By setting the preferences and customizing QuickBooks, you can tailor it to work for your business--the way you operate. With over 100 reports available, you have more information to monitor your business results, manage accounts receivable, control expenses, and much more! Having good, timely accounting information can help you make better business decisions and be more profitable! Help is readily available with over 40,000 ProAdvisors across the United States. In addition, technology has made remote support and training readily available. With over 85% market share, you're sure to find someone who can help you if you have questions.

Michelle L. Long, CPA, MBA
Author of:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Successful-QuickBooks-Consulting-The-Comprehensive-Guide-to-Starting-and-Growing-a-QuickBooks-Consulting-Business/dp/1434810690/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Successful QuickBooks Consulting: The Comprehensive Guide to Starting and Growing a QuickBooks Consulting Business</a>
Advanced Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor
Member of Intuit Certified Trainer Network
QuickBooks Pro is a great accounting program for small businesses at an affordable price.  QuickBooks is very easy to use once the program is set up for your business.  By setting the preferences and customizing QuickBooks, you can tailor it to work for your business--the way you operate.  With over 100 reports available, you have more information to monitor your business results, manage accounts receivable, control expenses, and much more!  Having good, timely accounting information can help you make better business decisions and be more profitable!  Help is readily available with over 40,000 ProAdvisors across the United States.  In addition, technology has made remote support and training readily available.  With over 85% market share, you're sure to find someone who can help you if you have questions.

Michelle L. Long, CPA, MBA
Author of:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Successful-QuickBooks-Consulting-The-Comprehensive-Guide-to-Starting-and-Growing-a-QuickBooks-Consulting-Business/dp/1434810690/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Successful QuickBooks Consulting: The Comprehensive Guide to Starting and Growing a QuickBooks Consulting Business</a>
Advanced Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor
Member of Intuit Certified Trainer Network
QuickBooks Pro is a great accounting program for small businesses at an affordable price. QuickBooks is very easy to use once the program is set up for your business. By setting the preferences and customizing QuickBooks, you can tailor it to work for your business--the way you operate. With over 100 reports available, you have more information to monitor your business results, manage accounts receivable, control expenses, and much more! Having good, timely accounting information can help you make better business decisions and be more profitable! Help is readily available with over 40,000 ProAdvisors across the United States. In addition, technology has made remote support and training readily available. With over 85% market share, you're sure to find someone who can help you if you have questions.

Michelle L. Long, CPA, MBA
Author of:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Successful-QuickBooks-Consulting-The-Comprehensive-Guide-to-Starting-and-Growing-a-QuickBooks-Consulting-Business/dp/1434810690/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Successful QuickBooks Consulting: The Comprehensive Guide to Starting and Growing a QuickBooks Consulting Business</a>
Advanced Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor
Member of Intuit Certified Trainer Network
This product is great, it organizes your finance. I like to use it when I am looking for a certain transaction, you can find it immediately. Have you ever tried to look through pages and pages of your checkbook register?

It is great at tax time also, just bring up the tax related tranactions and print it out and take it with you to get your taxes done or use it if filing your taxes yourself.

Quicken is great when a payee stated they didn't receive your payment. Just look it up on Quicken and give the payee also the details.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Indian-Maiden-w-Wolves-Framed-Indian-Picture/dp/B0033E1K0E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Indian Maiden w/ Wolves Framed Indian Picture</a><a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Framed-Indian-BRAVES-Picture-Native-American-Art-9-x-11-including-frame-Reproduction/dp/B0033DP1AA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Framed Indian BRAVES Picture Native American Art 9 x 11 (including frame) Reproduction</a><a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Framed-Indian-WOLVES-Picture-Native-American-Art-9-x-11-including-frame-WOLF-Reproduction/dp/B0033DV6J0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Framed Indian WOLVES Picture Native American Art 9 x 11 (including frame) WOLF Reproduction</a><a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Framed-Indian-EAGLES-Picture-Native-American-Art-9-x-11-including-frame-Reproduction/dp/B0033EH030/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Framed Indian EAGLES Picture Native American Art 9 x 11 (including frame) Reproduction</a>
I am surprised to read how virulently anti-Intuit many comments in the QuickBooks Pro 2003 customer reviews there are, how low the ratings of the product are, and the lopsided number of negative reviews. The emotional outcry seems to have taken a life of its own. Doug Sleeter, a QuickBooks expert of renown says, "These reviews certainly do not reflect the general opinion of users. If it did, the product would not be nearly as popular in the market."
I recognize the frustration and anger the reviewers expressed about using QuickBooks and many of their concerns are compelling. I would like to address some of the criticism and clarify several issues that they mention. I have been a full time independent QuickBooks consultant for over ten years and during this period I have worked with and trained hundreds of clients one-on-one.
The complaints about QuickBooks generally point toward its design and utility, payroll fees, and the cost and quality of support.
BASIC NECCESSITIES
Complaint: Several people said that they want a basic business program that deals with the "real necessities" of a small business. They described QuickBooks as "bloatware" and too complicated.
Response: What are real necessities for one type of business could be redundant and too complicated for other types of businesses. The basic tasks and simple layout of registers and forms (invoices, checks) in QuickBooks have remained the same since the early Windows versions. User preferences are customized to turn on or off functions and displays.
Historically Intuit has had a philosophy about QuickBooks of "one size fits all." It has been remarkably successful because of its versatility and is used in many industries. Now Intuit is bringing out various editions of QuickBooks that is designed for specific businesses, for example the new Contractor Edition is very popular.  Many good business software programs are able to exchange data with QuickBooks.
PAYROLL FEES
Complaint: Reviewers complained that now they have to pay extra for QuickBooks to do payroll and buy an upgrade if their version is QuickBooks 2000 or older.
Response: Intuit has offered a payroll tax table service for at least seven years.  There has always been a charge for the service.  The original service was called TTS (Tax Table Service). The company later came out with Basic Payroll Service, which has since been renamed Do-It-Yourself Payroll Service (DIY Payroll). Users do not have to upgrade their QuickBooks every year to do payroll. Although owners of version QuickBooks 2000 and older are required to pay for a new upgrade if they want to continue using DIY Payroll, the benefit of new features like emailing invoices, report enhancements, 3rd party software integration, remote access, and sales orders makes upgrading to the latest edition of QuickBooks worthwhile.
SUPPORT
Complaint: There are many comments about the cost and quality of support.
Response: Paying for software support is a fact of life in today's economy, the same as expenses are incurred in maintaining a car.  The cost of QuickBooks is inexpensive and if you factor a support plan into the purchase price, the savings by reducing your accounting fees and better financial management is still a good deal. QuickBooks has made finding "how to" information easier by including links to answers in most of its windows and with a comprehensive support database that can be accessed from within the program. Attending a QuickBooks class and visiting support groups on the internet like at Yahoo! help reduce the financial outlay for support.
My experience is that by showing patience and respect to the support specialist at Intuit, and by defining the issue well often brings good results.
Intuit can and will make many improvements to QuickBooks. The fact is that the vast majority of users appreciate the many benefits they gain by using QuickBooks because it simplifies complex accounting tasks and it is one of the most user friendly software products ever made.
I am surprised to read how virulently anti-Intuit many comments in the QuickBooks Pro 2003 customer reviews there are, how low the ratings of the product are, and the lopsided number of negative reviews. The emotional outcry seems to have taken a life of its own. Doug Sleeter, a QuickBooks expert of renown says, "These reviews certainly do not reflect the general opinion of users. If it did, the product would not be nearly as popular in the market."
I recognize the frustration and anger the reviewers expressed about using QuickBooks and many of their concerns are compelling. I would like to address some of the criticism and clarify several issues that they mention. I have been a full time independent QuickBooks consultant for over ten years and during this period I have worked with and trained hundreds of clients one-on-one.
The complaints about QuickBooks generally point toward its design and utility, payroll fees, and the cost and quality of support.
BASIC NECCESSITIES
Complaint: Several people said that they want a basic business program that deals with the "real necessities" of a small business. They described QuickBooks as "bloatware" and too complicated.
Response: What are real necessities for one type of business could be redundant and too complicated for other types of businesses. The basic tasks and simple layout of registers and forms (invoices, checks) in QuickBooks have remained the same since the early Windows versions. User preferences are customized to turn on or off functions and displays.
Historically Intuit has had a philosophy about QuickBooks of "one size fits all." It has been remarkably successful because of its versatility and is used in many industries. Now Intuit is bringing out various editions of QuickBooks that is designed for specific businesses, for example the new Contractor Edition is very popular.  Many good business software programs are able to exchange data with QuickBooks.
PAYROLL FEES
Complaint: Reviewers complained that now they have to pay extra for QuickBooks to do payroll and buy an upgrade if their version is QuickBooks 2000 or older.
Response: Intuit has offered a payroll tax table service for at least seven years.  There has always been a charge for the service.  The original service was called TTS (Tax Table Service). The company later came out with Basic Payroll Service, which has since been renamed Do-It-Yourself Payroll Service (DIY Payroll). Users do not have to upgrade their QuickBooks every year to do payroll. Although owners of version QuickBooks 2000 and older are required to pay for a new upgrade if they want to continue using DIY Payroll, the benefit of new features like emailing invoices, report enhancements, 3rd party software integration, remote access, and sales orders makes upgrading to the latest edition of QuickBooks worthwhile.
SUPPORT
Complaint: There are many comments about the cost and quality of support.
Response: Paying for software support is a fact of life in today's economy, the same as expenses are incurred in maintaining a car.  The cost of QuickBooks is inexpensive and if you factor a support plan into the purchase price, the savings by reducing your accounting fees and better financial management is still a good deal. QuickBooks has made finding "how to" information easier by including links to answers in most of its windows and with a comprehensive support database that can be accessed from within the program. Attending a QuickBooks class and visiting support groups on the internet like at Yahoo! help reduce the financial outlay for support.
My experience is that by showing patience and respect to the support specialist at Intuit, and by defining the issue well often brings good results.
Intuit can and will make many improvements to QuickBooks. The fact is that the vast majority of users appreciate the many benefits they gain by using QuickBooks because it simplifies complex accounting tasks and it is one of the most user friendly software products ever made.
Quickbooks Payroll Service is ideal for small business applications.  I use it for 3-employees at a local cemetery in conjunction with Quickbooks for bookkeeping.  Everything is easily accessible, service is user-friendly and extremely cost effective for the small business owner.  For persons starting a small business and considering paying for an outside payroll service, Quickbooks Standard Payroll (or the service) is highly recommended as a cost-effective service as well as an educational tool for training personnel in payroll/human resources aspects.  I've used Quickbooks in a construction business and that's why when asked what software to purchase for the bookkeeping & payroll for a local cemetery, I immediately suggested Quickbooks.

Thanks for making my job easier with Quickbooks Pro 2006 & Standard Payroll Subscription.
Well, now that I am ready to write my review I suppose Ill get right into it.  I do not take product reviews lightly at all.  I purchased this product over 8 months ago but in order to give a fair review I found it necessary to learn, feel and live in the product.  This software package has to be one of the most advanced products I have worked with.  The user interface is extremely intuitive and the home page road map has everything right where it needs to be(Customers, Vendors, Employees..etc.  From what I understand this has always been and upside to QuickBooks.  I switched to QuickBooks from another software package from A*******T (I spent 5 years with their software) that really never did it for me.  It worked as a basic tool but not anywhere near the complexity of QuickBooks.  QuickBooks pro 2014 is probably far beyond what most small business require BUT!  How many times have consumers purchased products that never even meet the basics of what you need.  QuickBooks in my opinion was designed to tackle every issue and feature your small business may need plus plenty more just in case you need them.  That also allows them to spread that product over almost any type of small business with one software package. The fact that the business accounts are broken down into an actual chart of accounts vs a primitive sales and invoices category is really helpful for the beginner business owner/novice accountant to learn what they need to become their own bookkeeper.  The customization options for invoices are amazing and this includes the changing of color schemes for invoice templates and the ability to choose what you see on the screen vs. what prints to the customer.  The ability to set up terms options for your customers is good but could use some additional parameters.  It does however do a great job of accessing finance charges and adding them on to the customers statements.  The ability to integrate Intuit payments into QuickBooks is awesome.  Download your credit card payments right into QuickBooks.  This also works for banking and will download your banking information right into QuickBooks.  QuickBooks does not charge for this but from what Ive seen most banks will charge ~$10.00 a month to link up with QuickBooks.  Even my local credit union has this capability.  The ability to add time and mileage to an invoice is also great for those who document their time and apply it to invoices later.  The notification when creating an invoice for a customer warning that there is an existing estimate for the customer is great.  This gives you an idea of your estimate effectiveness when viewing reports.  Automatically calculating sales tax to be paid to what tax agency also cant be beat.  That included printing tax checks on the spot.  Also the shipping manager for the product business allows you to integrate your UPS and FedEx accounts into QuickBooks Free of charge.  There are customer letters that can be sent out and customized but most software does it as well.  The ability to E-mail batch forms later in the day instead of one by one is helpful though.  Its all great!!!!
  Reporting is beyond standard by all means.  You can drill deep into reports and analyze trends and also identity opportunities for additional sales based on not only what your top selling products are but that can be broken down to what the top sellers are for your heavy hitting customers.  The document center is great because you can store general documents or store documents for specific customers.  Excellent move.  The collections center makes it so easy for you to collect on customers who are slow to pay or no pay.  Price levels are great for giving preference to a certain group of customers, allowing you to mark the invoice up or down.  Classes are a great way to add to the reporting capabilities for those who want to keep digging deeper into their business.  Payroll is good but not really a big thing for my business as I am either a one man show or utilize 1099 employees (independent contractors).  The company snapshot is great in providing sort of a reporting dashboard of whats going on in your business.  For anyone who has never used a QuickBooks product before (myself up until now) and is doing a lot of research you may have read about the dreadful list limits.  QuickBooks can only handle up to 14,500 Items, 14,500 names, 10,000 in the chart of accounts and there are a few more.  But it does have the capability to handle 2 billion transactions.  I think most small businesses would have an extremely hard time reaching that limit.  If you are in the trinkets or custom business of selling high volume low cost products retail instead of wholesale you may have some concern with the customer lists.  But there is always QuickBooks enterprise which has a significantly higher price point but has the list limits to go with it (1,000,000 names, 1,000,000 items).  But for most of us we hope and dream about our business having 14,500 customers.  Thats like doing business with everyone in a small town.  Chances are slim.  Either way it you are that good there are utilities available from QuickBooks and other third party companies that can help you clean up your company file.  FYIThis product does not come with a manual but there is a book titled QuickBooks Pro 2014 the missing manual which is available on QuickBooks support site free of charge (or you can go pay the $20+ price tag elsewhere)
  What can be fixed you ask?  Not a lot but I do have to pick on a couple of things.  1) In the income tracker if an individual transaction is selected to E-mail to a customer, a custom E-mail is generated based on the options you would have selected (or using the default letter template).  When you select to do batch E-mails of all customers, they all receive a generic E-mail.  This would be a large helper for people with a long list of Emails to send.  2)  I would like to see the ability to create payment plans in the software.  There are options of progressive invoicing and memorized transactions which Im sure if you have an excess of free time you could figure out a way but by any means would that be convenient.  Currently your selections are along the lines of date driven terms or terms due by (with the option of early pay discounts).  And.. that is great for most people but what myself and Im sure the whole small business QuickBooks using community would like to see is: Down payment, Due in, Deferred for X months, Payment then spread over X months, and hell even the option to amortize the payments (1st month 15 percent down, 2nd month payment 25 percent etc by how many ever months).  That would be an absolute for certain types of business that may invoice like that and cuts down on additional bookkeeping hours. 3)  Small but annoying.  When using the vertical navigation bar the color stays as the default color.  For some of the backgrounds this could be an eye sore (depending on your preference) 4) Service discontinuation.  If you utilize any of the add on services such as payments processing and payroll you will need to purchase the new version after 3 years as Intuit will no longer support the product.  But I suppose the cost of some business accounting system software can go into the tens of thousands of dollars a year so it could be a lot worse. But if you choose not to use the add on services after the three years or ever at all you will be able to continue using the software without service interruption.
  And just food for thought, all of these problems could have been addressed in QuickBooks 2015 which was recently released but I Have no evidence to support it.  Even with my complaints.  I still cannot find a legitimate reason to not give this product a five star review.  I hope that this will allow you to make an informed purchase decision on QuickBooks Pro 2014 or at least the minimum expectations you should have for the 2015 edition.  Thanks.
QuickBooks Professional 2009 from Intuit

By Howard Berenbon, Cyber News & Reviews

In April of last year I reviewed QuickBooks Pro 2008 (see [...]) and it won me over for another excellent Intuit product.  Just recently, I had a chance to review their latest version, QuickBooks Accounting Pro 2009, a new and improved version, and I wasn't disappointed.  If you run a small business, or even a large company, you can depend on Intuit for cover your accounting needs, and at the right price.  For under $200, your little (or big) business can run efficiently with the help of QuickBooks Accounting Pro 2009.  And, if you or an employee is handy on the PC, you can easily tailor QuickBooks into an accounting system specific to your field or products, with invoices and sales receipts, inventory, accounts payable and receivables, payroll, check writing and the rest, for a fraction of the cost.  If you don't have that expertise, you can still set up your company because QuickBooks includes an excellent Help system within the program and online.  Accounting systems can cost a company $2,000 to $10,000 and up, plus monthly maintenance fees.  But with QuickBooks, any edition, youll save lots.  Whether you upgrade from an older version, or are new to QuickBooks, you should find everything you need to run your business more efficiently.

Now for a Little History

Originally, QuickBooks was developed for small business use, but has evolved into a full-featured, but easy to use accounting program, with all the tools you need.  You can you prepare estimates, create customizable invoices, track inventory, generate purchase orders, create sales receipts and customer statements, track jobs, create reports and graphs, track expenses and payroll and manage accounts payable and accounts receivable.  Estimates and invoices can be e-mailed over the Internet and you can save them in PDF format as well. You can also write checks your business checking accounts, track your business credit card usage, share your company files over a network in multi-user mode and track your sales and business taxes.

Whats New?

This new version looks a lot like QuickBooks Pro 2008 and works just as well, but theyve added some new features that will help you work faster, and thats always a plus.  For time saving, they now allow you to download forms created using Adobe PDF form templates and theyve added a new search tool, called QuickFilter, to help you find information from vendor, customer and item lists. Another new, and unexpected feature, allows you to create a professional looking Website with customizable template and drag-and-drop tools.  So, if you need a Web presence, QuickBooks will help you get started with a professional look and feel.  And the list goes on:

  Improved function for downloading transactions from your financial institution
  Multi-currency capability allows you to track international sales and expenses

  Get a financial snapshot of your business in real time
  Run reports and backup your data while other employees are working on the same company file
  Communicate with other employees while using your QuickBooks file with QuickBooks Messenger
  Use Live Community within QuickBooks to ask for help from experts and other business owners

Getting Started

Installation from a single CD took about 10 minutes, which included checking for online updates and online registration. If you're upgrading from an older version, QuickBooks will import your company database file so you can start working with it immediately. If you're new to QuickBooks, youll need to set up a company account file with your important business information. A setup tool helps you get all the information in the right place with a step-by-step interview. If you're not sure what to enter, the help feature will help you fill in the blanks.

From the Welcome to QuickBooks Pro 2009 screen, you can select the Overview Tutorial, explore QuickBooks and practice entering data, create a new company file or open (or restore from backup) an existing company file. If you select an existing company file, but from an earlier version, QuickBooks will update it. This can take up to 30 minutes or more depending on the size of the file and the version.  One exciting new feature (mentioned above) here is access to their Live Community.  You just enter a question in the box on the top right side of your screen, and live expert help is on the way.  Now thats a nice addition.

Once you register, and before you start using QuickBooks, youll have access to your free year of Website service, their other new feature!  I haven't tried it, because I already have a Website, but they make it easy to do: Just point, click, drag, drop and type, for an easy instant Internet presence, thanks to Intuit.  And, its to your benefit to take advantage of their free year of hosting.  However, I had to decline their offer and clicked on the Start Using QuickBooks button.

Next, the QuickBooks Learning Center screen is displayed for more help, or just you can just click on Go to QuickBooks, which I did (the Live Community box was still on the top right).  As in QuickBooks 2007 and 2008, the main menu looks like a flow chart with text and icons in a screen called Home and divided into five areas from top to bottom and left to right: Vendors, Company, Customers, Account Balances and Banking. Under Account Balances to the far right youll find two more areas: Learn About Services and Reminders & Alerts.  Under Vendors you can enter bills, pay bills and manage sales tax.  In the Customers section you can enter estimates, create invoices, receive payments, create sales receipts and issue credits and refunds. Under Company, you can view and modify your Chart of Accounts, view and modify your lists of items and services and access your online services at Intuit.com.  And under Banking, you can access all your banking information: deposits, checks, etc.  Youll also see a few new icons on their top menu, like Company Snapshot and Online Banking (where you can do your online banking!).  If you transferred your company file from a previous version, you can start using it as before.  If you're new to QuickBooks, youll want to create invoices and sales receipts, enter your products and services, setup accounts receivables and payables and more.

QuickBooks Pro 2009 is a full-featured accounting system thats easy to use once you get over the learning curve (because of all the features).  Its a must have accounting system, at the right price, for any business. And Intuit is so confident that youll love QuickBooks, they offer a 60-day money-back guarantee.  But I guarantee, once you install the program and start using it, you won't want to give it back at any price.
I have been using QuickBooks Pro since 1998 and have used it for three small businesses. Its functions are intuitive and more than adequate for my needs.
QuickBooks is the market leader in small business accounting packages. I am amazed at its diverse clientele. I have seen it being used in tractor supply stores, doctor's offices, computer consultants, non-profits, and many others. Someone is probably already using QuickBooks in a business like yours. If at all possible get a book specific to your industry or ask your accountant how to setup your accounting so that it is effective and efficient.
I am writing this review at this time because I am purchasing a copy of QuickBooks for our local Habitat for Humanity affiliate. Most of the affiliates in the US already use QuickBooks. The national office has already written up procedures for setting up QuickBooks to manage the local affiliate's accounting. The combination of existing procedures, several volunteers with QuickBooks experience, and some additional functionality over Peachtree has made a compelling argument for the affiliate to change over to QuickBooks.

Topic 14: turbotax 0.09008 state 0.04414 return 0.03556 file 0.03345 filing 0.02213 forms 0.02019 federal 0.01891 returns 0.01711 free 0.01628 refund 0.0144
 How Many: 47150
There is a lot of confusion about this. The main distinction to note is that there is a difference between *preparing* a tax return and *e-filing* a tax return.

There is also a difference between *e-filing* a tax return and just *filing* a tax return using TurboTax : E-filing means the prepared tax return is submitted to the tax authority electronically. You can, if you wish, print the prepared tax return instead, put it in an envelope, and sent it to the tax authority by mail - this would be *filing* the tax return, as opposed to *e-filing*.

For the TurboTax Deluxe Fed + Efile + State 2013 software, you are paying for software which will enable you to *prepare* up to 5 Federal tax returns and and *prepare* up to 5 State tax returns for ONE state only.

When it comes to submitting the Federal tax returns, there is no e-filing fee - you can e-file up to 5 Federal tax returns electronically with this software, and there's no additional cost to do so. You can still print them out and mail them in if you wanted do, but I don't see why anyone would want to since e-filing the Federal tax returns is free, unless you have additional documentation the IRS require.

When it comes to submitting the State tax returns, you have two options:
(1) you can print out the prepared tax return, put it in an envelope, and mail it to your state tax authority, and the only cost would be the stamp to send it, OR
(2) you can *e-file* the prepared tax return via TurboTax, and there would be an e-filing fee of $19.95 per tax return to do so.
That's basically all there is to that.

There has also been comments about a $29.95 refund processing fee. I'll explain what I believe this fee is about. When you have finished preparing your state tax return and elect to e-file it for the $19.95 fee mentioned above, you have an option to pay that $19.95 fee online by credit card right there and then, or have it deducted from your state tax refund. If you pay by credit card right there and then, there should not be any return processing fee. If you instead elect to pay that $19.95 fee by having it deducted from your tax return, guess what - you're going to get hit with a $29.95 refund processing fee. That is what that fee is all about, I believe. Clearly it is better to pay the $19.95 by credit card right there and then, if you are able to.

Another point to note: if you need to file tax returns in more than one state, you will have to pay for additional software to *prepare* returns for those additional state(s) - I believe the cost is around $39.95 for each state, and that will allow up to 5 tax returns to be *prepared* (not e-filed) for each state purchased. You will still be subject to another $19.95 e-filing fee for each state return filed as well.

For the 2013 tax year, I am aware New York State are not charging an e-filing fee if your Federal AGI is under $58,000. Whether TurboTax will still charge the fee regardless I am not sure.

If this helped clarify the fee situation for you, please click YES next to the "Was this review helpful to you?" below, and maybe it will stay on top of the reviews list for others with the same questions. Any Intuit TurboTax staff reading this please comment if I've said anything incorrect here and I will amend it accordingly.
From Turbotax website

The pricing structure for filing individual (1040) returns in TurboTax desktop 2008 products changed on the afternoon of December 11, 2008.

TurboTax customers can now e-file up to five federal tax returns, the limit set by the IRS, and prepare and print unlimited returns at no additional cost. We will soon release an update to remove this screen, which reflected the old pricing structure.

In the meantime, simply click the Start now, Pay When You File button to proceed. Rest assured that you will not be charged $9.95 to print or efile your return once we release the update, which is expected to ready no later than December 20.

If you would like to print a filing copy of your return, please hold off until we release the update to avoid being charged. You can print a review copy free of charge at any time by selecting the second option Forms to review or keep for your records in the Print dialog box.

More:

TurboTax Now Includes Free E-filing with Every Federal Return
Updated: 12/11/2008Article ID: 6156
TurboTax now includes free electronic filing with every federal return prepared with desktop software products. TurboTax is the only tax software to include both e-filing and audit support with every federal return.

TurboTax customers can e-file up to five federal tax returns, the limit set by the IRS, and prepare and print unlimited returns at no additional cost.

Including free e-filing with every federal return is one more way we help make it easier for TurboTax customers to keep more money in their pockets.
I've used TurboTax for over 10 years and never been disappointed with its performance or ease of filing my taxes.  The Deluxe version gives you 1 free electronic filing of your federal taxes and includes a copy of your state taxes, however you do have to pay $19.99 to file your state taxes electronically through TurboTax.  There is no fee if you mail them.

Additionally, if your state is not a "stand alone" state that will accept state taxes e-filed separately from your federal taxes, you MUST file both federal and state taxes at the same time or the state taxes will be rejected as an electronic file and you will have to file them by mail which will take longer if you are expecting a refund.

Also, my federal taxes were accepted on January 29, 2014, which caused a glitch each time I would check on the status of my taxes as the TTax software kept telling me the acceptance date could not be before 1/31/2014 even though it notified me of my early acceptance on the 29th.  For this reason, and because my state taxes were rejected as an electronic file in my non-stand alone state when I filed them the next day and I had to mail them, I deducted 1 star above.  The program should make this clear before you spend the money to file your state taxes.

TurboTax did refund my state filing fee once they determined I could not file electronically and I had already paid the fee, even though they will tell you in chat that the $19.99 fee is not for e-filing but for processing your state form with the program.  I explained to them that if this were True,  it wouldn't be free to print and mail the state forms, i.e., if you don't select e-file, there is no $19.99 charge even though I used the program to do my state taxes.
I just finished my taxes. One thing I will suggest for those having issues downloading state for extra $39.99 is to update state software, sign out of turbo tax and sign back in. State will be downloaded at no additional cost other than to e file state for $19.99. Those that claim its $19.99 plus $29.99 processing fee to e file state are not mentioning that the $29.99 processing fee is only if you want them to deduct the  $19.99 directly from your return. You can pay by credit card to e file and it will only cost $19.99, no processing fee. So my federal and state taxes are completed and both filed electronically for a total of $60.
I have read several reviews regarding the additional filing fees associated with a state tax return.  With this particular version of TurboTax the federal tax return can be e-filed for free and the state tax return can be e-filed for an additional $19.95 fee.  When setting up the e-file information you have the choice of having the $19.95 state e-filing fee deducted from your return or paid with a credit card.  If you choose to have the fee deducted from your return you are charged an additional $29.95 for using that particular feature.  If you choose to pay the state e-filing fee with a credit card you are not charged an additional $29.95.

Intuit should have described the fees and circumstances under which they are charged more clearly.  Other than that, I love TurboTax and have been using it for over a decade now.
Hello,

Year after year, I am a very satisfied customer and will not use any other tax software to file my returns.

For those who have criticized this product for lacking a state e-file, "TurboTax Deluxe Federal + E-File + State 2012" has NEVER come with a free state e-file -- filing e-file for state has always been an extra charge.  The Deluxe version of TurboTax comes with ONE free state form as stated in the directions, not e-filing for state.  E-File is only available free for the federal part of your return, hence the "Federal + E-File" part of the title. The title and directions DON'T say "state + e-file" for a reason. The TurboTax website provides a nice checklist comparing different versions of the software so it's easy to figure out which one works best for your unique situation [...].

If you want to e-file a state return, sometimes your state lets you do that for free on their own tax site. Otherwise just print off the forms that TurboTax provides for you for your state return and mail to your state tax department.  It's easy to do and saves you the extra charge for state e-filing.  You are NOT required to e-file for your state, so there is no charge if you print those forms out and stick a stamp on them (OK ... the cost of a stamp.)  You can still provide your state your bank routing information on the state form so the money is generally put in your bank pretty quickly. Speaking from experience, I mail my state form to Virginia, and the state usually processes my return and deposits the money within 1-2 weeks even when I file near the deadline.

The advantage of using TurboTax for calculating state returns (e-file optional) is that it transfers everything from your federal return to your state return and calculates accordingly.  Also, if you have to file an amended return like I had to one year, it makes filing an amended state return so easy because again, it transfers everything from your amdended federal return to your amended state return.  And should you use the software the following year, it transfers everything from your past federal and state returns to your next year's returns.

And did I mention that every time there is a tax code update or form update, the software automatically updates and adjusts once you open it again?  So with all of the changes Uncle Sam keeps making, you will get those updates even after you download the software.  For this reason, it won't let you file until it knows that Uncle Sam is not sending out any additional tax code changes -- same goes for your old-fashioned accountant who should know that this year's taxes will be more difficult because all of the regs are still being rewritten. So have patience, folks.  Trust that TurboTax will ensure you have the latest updates before allowing you to file.

Also, the company has a guarantee of 60 days, even if you download from a retailer like Amazon.  If you're not satisfied, they will give you your money back, and if you purchase the software on disk from a box store, just take it back and they will refund your money.  I had a very unique situation one year that TurboTax could not support (and it was very unique) and they gladly refunded my money after realizing that the basic software I bought could not correctly calculate my taxes.

As stated earlier, I am a very satisfied customer and will not use any other tax software to file my returns.
I have completed my 2007 tax using Turbotax Deluxe.  My main complaint is that it was not possible to make an informed decision as to which level of Turbotax to buy based on their promotional information.  The check boxes indicating what level product does what are sort of "advisory", not really descriptive of what you can do with each level.  For example, only the highest level is checked as appropriate for self-employed individuals, yet Deluxe and Premier levels will do Schedule C and home used as office forms; the higher levels just offer more advice, not more forms, as near as I can tell.  Basic level may do them too, I haven't tried, but it would be good to know without buying the software first.  A better check-off table might be a list of IRS forms with checks to indicate which level program supports filing each form.  Perhaps this would reveal that even Basic can handle all forms, and maybe that's why they don't advertise that (but at least they should admit it somewhere).  A second lack of information was with regard to state filing.  I was unable to find anywhere an indication of the cost of adding state to a lower level product, so I bought Deluxe plus State as the lowest level that included it.  While running the program a window indicated that adding a second state costs $35.  If that's the cost for a first state if you didn't buy a version including state, then the cost of even Basic plus adding a state would cost more than Deluxe with State.  It would be good to know that in advance, but I was unable to find that either on the TurboTax web site or Amazon.

The tax preparation itself was straightforward and worked fine.  They have done a bit to improve the user's ability to "drop in" to the right place to make a revision, although I still found it difficult to navigate to some specific places.

For California at least, $35 for the state add-on is a rip-off, since the California return consists of little more than filling in a few numbers from the federal form and filling out a page of "adjustments", most of which are keyed to specific entries on the various forms and schedules of the federal return.  Thus one could do the federal return and then fill in a California return with the good old fashioned pen and ink in about ten minutes, copying numbers out of the federal return.
I have completed my 2007 tax using Turbotax Deluxe.  My main complaint is that it was not possible to make an informed decision as to which level of Turbotax to buy based on their promotional information.  The check boxes indicating what level product does what are sort of "advisory", not really descriptive of what you can do with each level.  For example, only the highest level is checked as appropriate for self-employed individuals, yet Deluxe and Premier levels will do Schedule C and home used as office forms; the higher levels just offer more advice, not more forms, as near as I can tell.  Basic level may do them too, I haven't tried, but it would be good to know without buying the software first.  A better check-off table might be a list of IRS forms with checks to indicate which level program supports filing each form.  Perhaps this would reveal that even Basic can handle all forms, and maybe that's why they don't advertise that (but at least they should admit it somewhere).  A second lack of information was with regard to state filing.  I was unable to find anywhere an indication of the cost of adding state to a lower level product, so I bought Deluxe plus State as the lowest level that included it.  While running the program a window indicated that adding a second state costs $35.  If that's the cost for a first state if you didn't buy a version including state, then the cost of even Basic plus adding a state would cost more than Deluxe with State.  It would be good to know that in advance, but I was unable to find that either on the TurboTax web site or Amazon.

The tax preparation itself was straightforward and worked fine.  They have done a bit to improve the user's ability to "drop in" to the right place to make a revision, although I still found it difficult to navigate to some specific places.

For California at least, $35 for the state add-on is a rip-off, since the California return consists of little more than filling in a few numbers from the federal form and filling out a page of "adjustments", most of which are keyed to specific entries on the various forms and schedules of the federal return.  Thus one could do the federal return and then fill in a California return with the good old fashioned pen and ink in about ten minutes, copying numbers out of the federal return.
I've just seen too  many reviews now that say you have to pay to file your state taxes. You do not have to pay UNLESS you want to efile your state taxes. Print and mail them and you will avoid the additional charge for a state filing. It's really no big deal and takes an extra few minutes to save paying the extra $19.95. Go to the post office, I swear, its not the end of the world to get a stamp and use snail mail. I'm not saying there's not some fine print here, its miniscule, but there is a free state filing here despite what it may seem at first.

When you are finished going through your Federal and State taxes, it will review for errors and then be ready to file. It asks you if you want to Efile or Mail. Say you want to Efile. It then takes you to another screen where it will split the Efile question for Federal and State. For Federal, mark that you want to Efile now, for State mark that you do not want to Efile right now. Then it goes through, you can review your Federal, save and print it for your records, and submit it. All done with Federal.

It takes you to a screen that basically asks if you want to exit TurboTax. Instead of exiting, click on the "File a Return" tab in the Print & File screen. It will ask if you want to Efile or Mail a return, mark Mail this time around and on the next screen it will allow you to select mailing your State and Federal Taxes but will alert you that you have efiled Federal and shouldn't mail it as well. Mark Yes for State, No for Federal. Next screen let's you review your State Taxes, next screen lets you print them to mail. There's a handy one page instruction guide that contains the address you need to send your taxes to and the date they must be postmarked by. Done. It's an extra 5 minutes maybe and you avoid paying $19.95 more than you intended to get your taxes filed properly.

That's it. TurboTax isn't perfect but its the best that there seems to be right now for keeping things simple and finding the most deductions at the same time. I've tried others, I usually take advantage of the online program to check for any higher return amounts before buying each year, and TurboTax is the one that consistently gives me the highest return amount, it just catches more of the credits and deductions.
I do my taxes by going through my income and deduction items and putting them into my tax return, i.e. I am using the "forms method". I have no comment about the relative merits of the "interview method" of TurboTax and TaxAct. My income consists of Social Security, pensions, dividends, interest, a real estate partnership in two states other than NY where I live, commodity trades and tax refunds. For 2006  I used both TurboTax and TaxAct since I wanted to be sure that TaxAct, which costs less than half of what TurboTax costs, will in the future be just as good for my purposes.

 I found the much cheaper TaxAct more convenient to use, because it is somewhat easier to find and open forms in TaxAct than in TurboTax. TaxAct does have the annoying property that even on a screen with plenty of room to spare, certain words of the forms don't appear. For instance, NY IT-201 line 72 is: "Total New York State Tax withheld..." and line 73 is "Total New York City tax withheld..." On the TaxAct screen both lines become "Total NY Tax withheld...". I should say, if you print out the page the missing words reappear, and in any case the two items are imported by the program from another form, but even so, this is a disturbing defect.

Neither TurboTax MA nor TaxAct MA has schedule 3K-1 which I needed for the real estate partnership, and I filled in the MA tax forms by hand.

Both TaxAct and TurboTax can convert your tax return, either with or without all the worksheets and 1099 forms, into a .pdf document. The document can be very long, and TurboTax produces a table of contents which makes it easy to find what one wants.

I noticed one difference between the tax computations. TurboTax just deducted from my NY tax what I paid to MA and RI, where I am nonresident. TaxAct allowed me to deduct only amounts it computed using a complicated formula one is supposed to use. I think it computes roughly the smaller of the taxes I paid to the other states and what the NY tax would have been on the amounts earned in those states.

One disadvantage of TaxAct for me was that it does not offer a RI state tax program.

I asked for help from TaxAct by e-mail twice, well after April 15th. On both occasions they replied within hours and the replies answered my questions.

Next year I will use only TaxAct.

Topic 15: year 0.17913 best 0.03999 tt 0.01653 updates 0.01591 info 0.01572 changes 0.01507 make 0.01434 import 0.01031 ll 0.00854 forward 0.00753
 How Many: 47150
TT 2007 works as well as all the previous annual editions. (To be fair, though, TT got its best performance and GUI "user friendliness" boost when Intuit bought JK Lassiter - likely for its tax package - I've been a repeat user since the JKL days.) The TT import function allows easy carryover from previous years, and - as a small business owner - I really appreciate the utility of the Sched C dialogue. The two biggest drags with TT products are (1) you can't open a previous year return in this year's TT - meaning, if you ever want to open an old return, you'll have to keep that year's version operable (so, since you don't know which year you may want to open, you'll have to keep ALL previous years' versions operable - a super waste of disk space), since you can reinstall but you can't get the necessary updates for that year as downloads (TT does not maintain the update files past three years); and (2) saving files - this is not at all a well-designed function: you'll need to try this several times to get the right mix of forms and files saved in both "ttx" (TT) format and PDF format.
TT 2007 works as well as all the previous annual editions. (To be fair, though, TT got its best performance and GUI "user friendliness" boost when Intuit bought JK Lassiter - likely for its tax package - I've been a repeat user since the JKL days.) The TT import function allows easy carryover from previous years, and - as a small business owner - I really appreciate the utility of the Sched C dialogue. The two biggest drags with TT products are (1) you can't open a previous year return in this year's TT - meaning, if you ever want to open an old return, you'll have to keep that year's version operable (so, since you don't know which year you may want to open, you'll have to keep ALL previous years' versions operable - a super waste of disk space), since you can reinstall but you can't get the necessary updates for that year as downloads (TT does not maintain the update files past three years); and (2) saving files - this is not at all a well-designed function: you'll need to try this several times to get the right mix of forms and files saved in both "ttx" (TT) format and PDF format.
We've been using Turbo Tax since the early nineties.  We started using the Personal and Home/Small Business edition as soon as it was introduced. TTAX continues to be the best tax software choice, in my opinion.  However, for the past several years, its Wizards have left us scratching our heads.  One of the business-specific wizards in this years edition just did not work, at all.  It started and abruptly stopped, leaving us seeking help from the Federal Rules.  We moved this year from one state to another. TTAX did not have the algorithms in place to handle a simple and completely common, Federal/State Tax "withholding-split-and-distribute' issue.  We had to guess and handle it ourselves. Another problem appeared, during the final check and review this year. We were advised of a mistake associated with a stock dividend issue, which was originally calculated automatically by TTAX, during TTAX data import. We attempted to correct it manually.  TTAX ran the review again and told us that the mistake still existed.  We were surprised to see that the original error was once again in the field.  We corrected, AGAIN, MANUALLY and ran the review. Once again, the error was back in the field.  We had to OVERRIDE the field to make the correction permanent.  All in all, however, our experience was very good and we will use TTAX again, next year.  Since we don't plan to move from our new state to another state, we will probably be OK.  Last Point:  As I mentioned earlier, we have been loyal TTAX customers for more than 25 years. With rare exception we have registered our purchase with TTAX every year.  So, they know how loyal we have been.  It would have been nice to see TTAX offer us the SECOND STATE download for FREE, or, at least at greatly reduced price, as a reward for 25 years of loyalty.  I guess that TTAX SALES and MARKETING just doesn't see it that way.  Too bad!
I have been using TurboTax for years with total satisfaction. This year was no exception. I always buy the CD. I have never tried downloading the program. TT installed as it is supposed to and I had no update problems. I use this edition for the dealing with stock reporting. The import feature makes this easy! Just have TT look up your broker and click. TT imports your info from previous tax years so you never make the most common mistake of misentering your personal info ie Social Security #, address, bank routing #. I always wait until January to buy the CD as the early versions seem to have glitches. I have never used any other product as I tried TT first and have never had any reason to change.
I buy it every year and appreciate how it copies common data from prior years and imports interest, dividends, gains and losses etc... and even one year it knew to apply a loss carried over from the prior year.  I'm hooked...
I am giving TT 4 stars because they placed windfall profit above their loyal customers last year.
I have been using TT ever since tax software became available for home users, but last year
just made me plain mad that management would try to pull something like that, trying to pad
their pockets, shame on you, bad business practice,
TT deluxe has worked very well for me and I will buy it for this year, but be warned TT if you
ever try to pull such a stunt again I will drop you and change software even if it causes me extra
work.
TT Deluxe is a good product please keep it that way, it is the best product on the market to date.
I would recommend it for a friend.
I never hired a overpriced tax preparer, always used TT since it was available before that it was a calculator and paper for the last 48 years.
Best to use year after year. Brings forward year after year info for prior years. Gives good hints about what may be missing/needed.
If you like year one, you will love year two and beyond. If you have a job, a couple of kids, a mortgage.... you probably have them this year too! TurboTax remembers repeated data from year to year. No more scrounging for social security numbers, no more repeating your address or your work employer ID etc. This program is worth every dollar.
TT Delux product downloaded with no problems and works as expected. I too passed on TT last year out of rebellion of removing forms with no compensation on the products price but I came back this year.

I used the H&R product last year and despite some concerns from other reviews, I had no problem importing data from H&R Block tax file into TT. However, when TT showed my taxes this year compared to last years (H&R Block file) most of the data fields were missing data but the overall sums were there and accurate.

Overall I'm content with this years TT release. But if Intuit plays games again with the product like they did last year I'll have no hesitation to shop elsewhere again.

Intuit will have my loyalty as long as they work to keep it.
Once again TT has done well, however, it is best to review all info from the prior year as it doesn't pick up everything that was on prior year that should be put on this year.  Make sure the estimated taxes are at 100% or IRS will send a note saying you didn't submit enough and you get hit with a big one for the last quarter.  OTher than that, I'd use again.

Topic 16: way 0.04585 simple 0.0341 did 0.03074 got 0.03041 getting 0.02293 sure 0.02152 right 0.0215 tried 0.01342 quickly 0.01142 started 0.01036
 How Many: 47150
The product worked fine, but like so many I was forced to upgrade to Deluxe from Basic to get schedule D. After hearing the CEO of Intuit say they would refund $25.00 with an apology I looked to follow up on the offer. I went to their web site but could not get it to work as it demanded a higher upgrade than I got and more than the CEO said was required. So, I spent about 2 hours on the internet to find a phone number I could call to apply for the refund. It doesn't matter now what it was as you only had until the end of April to apply and it was a 3rd party number working for them which is no longer valid. Long story short, I did successfully apply (it took a while as the guy I got wasn't sure how to do it) and received an e-mail saying I would get a check in 4-8 weeks. After 10 weeks and nothing, I realized that I would have to take it another step. Rather than getting some customer service person who knew nothing about this and had no power, I wrote to the CEO directly (found on the internet), with a copy of the email, explaining the situation. About 10 days later (including the fourth of July weekend) I got an email from the VP of Intuit explaining that the 3rd party person I dealt with did not submit my paperwork properly. He promised a check which I got about a week later.
So, if you applied and never got a check and you have proof (the email from intuit saying you had a check coming), that is the way to get your money.
Well, after reading all those negative reviews I was leery of going for this.  I'd been doing fine on QB 2011, so "if it isn't broke"?  But finally crossed my fingers and went for it.  Ordered the disk, got it, put it in, and it installed without any problem.  The accounts came up looking just like before, but with slightly larger text size, which for my eyes was great.  But I did run into little idiosyncrasies.  In 2011 there was a heading on the right side (can't remember what it was called, as I'd just click it) leading me to a menu including transfer of funds and reconcile among others.  No menu heading on 2014.  Finally found it by clicking the gear top right.  As I had just changed banks (not my choice) I had to set up new account.  Seemed a little involved, but got it set up fine - but the page sure came out different looking.  Still not quite sure what extra column on left is for - and all columns were squeezed in.  But found I could adjust their width to my acceptance. Downloading updates from the bank was a breeze.  I haven't tried the linking to my phone setup yet - not sure if I will (old dog, new tricks!).  I don't have investments etc., so have no way to judge how that is working.  All in all, in spite of my misgivings, QB2014 seems to be working well.  My computer is a Win-7, bought around 6 months ago, from a local company that makes their own computers.
It worked great for our needs.  We have a fairly simple itemized return.  The one  complaint I have is that when I would leave the file and return to resume working on it, it did not "bookmark" me where I had left off.  Either my memory fails me or that is not the way that previous editions have functioned.  When you resume the file, you should be able to choose whether to start where you left off or go through it all again.  It's possible that this problem is on my end, but I sure couldn't figure it out or find how to resume where I left off.
This was the fourth time I used Turbo Tax to do my federal and state returns. Generally, it is easy to use although I sometimes don't really understand where the line of questioning used to determine eligibility for certain deductions, etc, is going. This year the big question mark I had was WHY I was taxed on interest on EE bonds that we cashed in to pay for our daughter's college tuition. My understanding has always been that this interest is tax-free if it is used for educational purposes. I even got the IRS publication related to this and IT said that this interest was tax-free given our circumstances. Apparently not so, though, according to TurboTax, even after I ran and re-ran this part of the program. I would really appreciate knowing WHAT disqualified me rather than  just  basically a "so-sorry, no cigar for you" statement.
Likewise, on my Schedule C I was never really sure that I was getting all the write-offs against revenue to which I was entitled, although in the end it looked like I did. It could just be my own lack of understanding but it was really confusing to me at times.  When figuring travel expenses I was (I think) asked for both exact amounts for fuel costs, etc, and was also asked if I wanted to take the standard mileage rate (you've got to do it one way or the other), which I always do. Again, maybe I wasn't using the program right or something but it all seemed to work out in the end.
It probably sounds like I don't like TurboTax but I really do think it is a great program, if somewhat confusing at times to me. I will use it again next year. I know that when I did my taxes on my own it was really trying to interpret some of the IRS's confusing and seemingly contradictory rules and "worksheets" (why do you have to "enter this figure, subtract that figure, multiply by the number of whatever", etc, etc, only to find that something doesn't apply?).

So, thanks TurboTax-even though I don't always understand where you're going, we always seem to get where we need to be in the end!
I love the Quicken product.  It helps me immensely in managing my finances although I'm quite sure I don't use it for all it's worth.  However...I had one simple problem with my password and trying to get it resolved took me literally hours. I tried using on-line help, but couldn't find the answer so I tried the chat.  After waiting for 36 other people, they cut me off just as my turn was about to come up.  The next day I tried using their phone method, but once again was cut off after waiting for nearly an hour.  Their support system is USELESS and a waste of time to someone like me who is technologically challenged.  I finally got help from my password keeper (not at all tied to Quicken).
I was asked every time I returned to work on my return for my Tax ID number on my W2 form.
At the beginning of filling out my TurboTax, I stated that I did not receive a W2 form, as I am retired and do not receive any W2 forms.
They still asked for the Tax ID number several times. This should not have been asked.
Also today I received a phone call from someone saying they were from the IRS saying they were trying to contact me as the IRS was going to sue me. They gave me a phone number to call and then hung up.
I did not call the number, and am sorry I did not write it down right away.
Sounds like some kind of scam going on.
I have never used this  turbo tax before, I felt very frustrated , and spent hours, and hours,. Here's one tip: to anyone who uses this, When this process is started, and this is a long process, start early, and plan to finish that day. I made the mistake of starting it and then learning the hard way, because, there are tax updates, etc, the updates happen frequently, and this made the continuation of the tax document impossible to continue , honestly I had a lot done, and I had to start over, of course I wasn't happy!!, ... so I thought  that I wouldn't ever get done, Why? well I'm not a mathematician, and the directions are simple, it's the continuos  updates that make us crazy, then it would down load the update, patience is a must, I am able to say, this was very helpful, because there are numerous deductions that were helpful in assisting a person get the most  availability of a return as possible. The fees were a little more, and the waiting, longer than if a cpa did it, but I will say the cost was still less. It's always a good practice to buy the protection from turbo tax, meaning that there's support if there's a mistake, and legally there is someone in intuit that can be of a legal support. I'm waiting for my return, and I was surprised that this takes up to a 3-4 weeks to receive a refund. I'm unsure why the updating was such a fiasco, but I finally got through it, an I'm better now. One nice thing is that the return is there for next year . Buying the dvd probably would of been much less hassle , and maybe the updating wouldn't of been such a pain. This was quiet a learning experience, and more than time consuming, especially because I had never done anything like this ever.  It's best to monitor the prices of the different turbo taxes, I found that after I bought mine the price was much less,  like 20-30 $ less maybe because the  due date of taxes needing to be filed was getting closer.
Horror story (non fiction)---
I owned and occupied a duplex 2005 and 2006.  I am retired and peronally did a healthy amount of repairs to the property and kept a complete set of expense records w/Turbo Tax including depreciation; capital improvements,taxes/ and included prorating 50% attributable to my unit.  Every item was listed on a spread sheet for the years involved.
Mistake #1  I was notified of an audit in 2007 and assumed it would be just a formality.
Mistake #2  I was gullible,assumed the audit would be fair, equitable and without preconceived intentions.
Mistake #3  I was not prepared for the "shock" of being told all deductions expenses and depreciation were denied.
Mistake #4  I asked to see her supervisor and was told, quote, "You can call next week and setup an appointment".

Try and find a lawyer who can / will truly and adequately represent you?  Sure, you sign an aggreement and the lawyer will make money for doing very little and you are still screwed.  My arbitration was set (by IRS) to take place in another city in another state over 120 miles away 3 trips (info don't go and they win) and all they did was rubber stamp the decision.

I bought a complete set of the IRC (revenue code) and fought them (PRO-SE).  They stalled and stalled  did not want to respond but I finally got the notice so I could proceed to Federal Court 2(1/2) years later.  Thanx to my excellent Turbo Tax 2005/2006 Premier preparation and the Quicken Spread Sheet......
  I WON !!
I found it pretty easy to use, although my taxes aren't very complicated.

I did mess up and couldn't find my error.  The Help didn't help, so I emailed their help.  They responded in 4 minutes.

Their answer was too vague to help immediately, but it got me pointed in the right direction and I eventually found the problem.
TurboTax is TurboTax, pretty much the same software we all have used for many years. Part of that software is support through FAQ (wasn't helpful to me) and two types of contact with a Tax expert: chat or phone. I tried the (no charge) chat and had to wait 5-10 minutes before my session started. The person (not bot) on the other end spent at least 20 minutes helping me. And that help was effective!

In short, I thought I had a $300 tax credit due for an energy-efficient water heater installation though I could only get $150 via TurboTax. I gave my helper a URL to the government site describing the rebate and he actually retrieved the form and agreed something was wrong. We looked at the tax form and he figured out what was wrong. I had entered my expense under furnaces, water boilers, etc. Seemed like the right category. In fact, the right place was under energy-saving home improvements.

I was very impressed with the resources he was allowed to use - not just a script, the time spent, and the general friendly flavor of the chat. It was much more than I expected and made the software look good.

Topic 17: program 0.11849 information 0.0409 step 0.0298 process 0.02739 check 0.0113 enter 0.01093 follow 0.01072 programs 0.00965 help 0.00826 instructions 0.00812
 How Many: 47150
First time using TT and it was mostly painless.  However, there are bugs in handling sales of mutual funds.

1.  All of my sales were based on average costs, so purchase date was always "various" , which I dutifully entered for each one.  However, when I reviewed the forms, the 8949 form was showing a specific purchase date for 5 out of 8 sales.  I had to go back and RE-ENTER "various" for the purchase date.

2.  To make matters worse, the purchase date the program put in was the SAME as the selling date -- which makes no sense and should have raised a RED flag (even if I had accidently put in a date).  But the program ignored it.

3. Some of the sells created a small "wash sale" component which the broker showed on the form as "disallowed loss".  There seems to be a box on the step-by-step form for this correction, but when I put in a number, it was IGNORED every time.
Finally, I had to go into the actual 8949 form it had generated and put in the loss adjustments MANUALLY.

4. And even with these corrections, the final 8949 form was not completely correct.  The numbers were correct (after my manual corrections), but in column "b", there is supposed to be a code to explain the adjustment (in column g) -- in this case a "w" for "wash".  However, there seemed to be no way to enter the codes for column b in 8949.
I ended up filing it without the codes and hope the IRS isn't too picky.

Even though the program assured me it was 100% accurate, if I had not caught these errors, it would certainly have NOT been 100% accurate.

By the way, I double checked that I had all the current updates.

In handling rental property (Schedule E), the program assumes that if a given % of the property is rented, then all the expenses can be prorated by that % -- which is NOT always True.  For example, the amount of mortgage (if there is only one) can be different for the rental portion, depending on how the mortgage has been paid.
The work around was to tell it to use 100% factor and then HAND calculate the portion of each expense item for the rental part.

As a plus, it did seem to handle K-1 forms and entries correctly and also form 8582 passive loss and worksheets.
I have used various iterations of the Turbo Tax program since the early 1990's.  Overall it has been a fairly solid program.  However, over the years, there have been some consistent "glitches."  These mainly have appeared in the Rental and Royalty income areas.  Although I have never done a forensic study of the problems to determine if the problem is me or the program, I always check the underlying worksheets for accuracy.  Without going into detail, when entering income and later changing the original entry, you lose options of categories for entering additional supporting figures later on in the program.  And once these options are gone, the only way to retrieve them is to start the program on another computer and redo the tax.  Also, to me, the way the Rental and Royalty income areas are handled is not intuitive.  I have made detailed notes to avoid the problems I seem to have with this area.  I would advise users to go through all the supporting worksheets, to confirm the entries are reported like you want them.  In addition, sometimes I have to "force" entries, for them to be reported where and how they actually go.  Still, Turbo Tax is better than doing it by hand.  And a lot neater, too.
I like the step by step. I also very much like backing up. If I need to back up in the program, it instantly goes to the last page back. There is no hesitation or fear of not being able to step both directions through the program. My biggest complaint is itemizing non-monetary charity deductions. I complained about this in last year's review. When entering items, the list is very specific. I have donated lots of extraneous items that fit nowhere on the list. Either I have to skip them or enter them under a bogus name that fits the amount I think they are worth. Other than that, since my financial advisor (who used to do my taxes) retired, I now know how he did it so easily.
For the most part, there has been some negative sentiment and reviews  from users regarding their purchases of Quickbooks Pro 2004. It was enough to concern me to think whether I should purchase the program or not. Those reviews were not regarding installation problems or conflicts on their computers. They were complaints regarding Intuit designing the newer programs with traps in the program that would require you to purchase additional services. It is True that there are fees for running payroll annually but I don't use it so no $$$ lost. Actually there are two problems I have come across. The first: when making payments, an icon appears right alongside your payment that wants you to order checks from Intuit. You cannot eliminate this option but have to dig through help and look in a very hidden location to place a proposed check number when you want to be reminded again. I put in 9999 so I probably won't hear from it for a long time. Of course many may find this reminder helpful. I suppose I will, but personally I become offended when I can't turn on or off the preferences. The second problem is in  emailing forms and reports. This is another option my 2002 version did not have. The problem is that when you click on emailing the report, a quickbooks browser opens and takes you to an intuit site where you have to login and before things got worse, I disconnected. They should allow you to simply attach to outlook express if anything. What is a plus with this update version is that reports can be saved in pdf format (adobe acrobat) and you can manually email these attachments yourself. I like and have used this option!

 This program is a very helpful tool in our real estate business where I can keep track and make reports of all properties. For those not familiar with the software, when you desire to enter an expense, a screen will appear that looks like a check. This check can either be printed on the intuit or third party checks or you can unclick "print" and write out your own check and just use this area to enter the expenses. You enter the payee, $$$, date and information in the lower section of the amount(s) from that same check that you want to enter into one or more categories or across many classes. For example, if I want to pay John the handiman $500 for work on properties, I can allocate $200 to "accounts" for electrical, $100 for painting and $200 for roofing, any accounts which you can personally set up. Further, if a portion of the payment is for another property address, I simply click on the appropriate property I have originally entered way back under "class" and separate the $$$ proportionately. Another column is available for entering the "job" so I can keep track of a specific project. Virtually every conceivable option is available for keeping proper track of expenses. When I deposit rent checks, I simply click on "make deposits" and enter the click on the tenant's name in the dropdown list and allocate the payment to the "class" or property. Again easy to keep complete track of expense and income. At the end of the year, I email the backup program to our accountant and he finshes the tax forms. Bank account balances can be kept and basis for properties for the long term.

 Of course, if you are using this program for the first time, you enter a lot of information on various introductory screens to customize the program for your type of business.

 As far as installation, I already had Quickbooks Pro 2002 installed. The instructions say to install right over top of the old program so the old information can be converted over. Screens appear that comfortable tell you what is going to happen. I would recommend backing everything up prior to upgrading. All went well.

 I am very satisfied with the program. I was reluctant to try Peachtree since they say you can't keep more than 2 years of information readily open to see or modify prior to archiving (there seems to be no limit here unless your backup file gets too big- I'm at 600kb and climbing right now). I will give this rating 4 stars since I am satisfied with the program. If there would be more useful and exciting changes, I would have given it a perfect rating. Feel comfortable in purchasing this program.
For the most part, there has been some negative sentiment and reviews  from users regarding their purchases of Quickbooks Pro 2004. It was enough to concern me to think whether I should purchase the program or not. Those reviews were not regarding installation problems or conflicts on their computers. They were complaints regarding Intuit designing the newer programs with traps in the program that would require you to purchase additional services. It is True that there are fees for running payroll annually but I don't use it so no $$$ lost. Actually there are two problems I have come across. The first: when making payments, an icon appears right alongside your payment that wants you to order checks from Intuit. You cannot eliminate this option but have to dig through help and look in a very hidden location to place a proposed check number when you want to be reminded again. I put in 9999 so I probably won't hear from it for a long time. Of course many may find this reminder helpful. I suppose I will, but personally I become offended when I can't turn on or off the preferences. The second problem is in  emailing forms and reports. This is another option my 2002 version did not have. The problem is that when you click on emailing the report, a quickbooks browser opens and takes you to an intuit site where you have to login and before things got worse, I disconnected. They should allow you to simply attach to outlook express if anything. What is a plus with this update version is that reports can be saved in pdf format (adobe acrobat) and you can manually email these attachments yourself. I like and have used this option!

 This program is a very helpful tool in our real estate business where I can keep track and make reports of all properties. For those not familiar with the software, when you desire to enter an expense, a screen will appear that looks like a check. This check can either be printed on the intuit or third party checks or you can unclick "print" and write out your own check and just use this area to enter the expenses. You enter the payee, $$$, date and information in the lower section of the amount(s) from that same check that you want to enter into one or more categories or across many classes. For example, if I want to pay John the handiman $500 for work on properties, I can allocate $200 to "accounts" for electrical, $100 for painting and $200 for roofing, any accounts which you can personally set up. Further, if a portion of the payment is for another property address, I simply click on the appropriate property I have originally entered way back under "class" and separate the $$$ proportionately. Another column is available for entering the "job" so I can keep track of a specific project. Virtually every conceivable option is available for keeping proper track of expenses. When I deposit rent checks, I simply click on "make deposits" and enter the click on the tenant's name in the dropdown list and allocate the payment to the "class" or property. Again easy to keep complete track of expense and income. At the end of the year, I email the backup program to our accountant and he finshes the tax forms. Bank account balances can be kept and basis for properties for the long term.

 Of course, if you are using this program for the first time, you enter a lot of information on various introductory screens to customize the program for your type of business.

 As far as installation, I already had Quickbooks Pro 2002 installed. The instructions say to install right over top of the old program so the old information can be converted over. Screens appear that comfortable tell you what is going to happen. I would recommend backing everything up prior to upgrading. All went well.

 I am very satisfied with the program. I was reluctant to try Peachtree since they say you can't keep more than 2 years of information readily open to see or modify prior to archiving (there seems to be no limit here unless your backup file gets too big- I'm at 600kb and climbing right now). I will give this rating 4 stars since I am satisfied with the program. If there would be more useful and exciting changes, I would have given it a perfect rating. Feel comfortable in purchasing this program.
Great, easy to use interface as always.

Pros: Online Discount
  Free State
  5 Free E-files
  Very strong Support
  Very easy Information processing

Cons: Cost more than free
  Some errors in data transfer from easy guide to forms

Sometimes when you get into complicated sections such as itemized deductions the program has hick ups.
Such as: Sometime on error check the program wants to input vehicle where there is none so you have to input one and then remove it in order for the program to adjust.

My advice for using turbo tax the best would be, do your taxes twice. Once to figure out what all to input then when you are certain start over and input everything correctly the first time.
I have used TurboTax for several years.  I have always found the program easy to use.  The program walks me through the process step by step just in case I have forgotten a deduction.  I like the way Turbo Tax transfers all my data to the state return without me having to re-enter the information.  I had saved my 2013 information on  a flash drive and  TurboTax was able to pick up my background date which saved me time entering the information again.  All I had to do was verify the date.
What a surprise.  After years of paying professionals to prepare taxes, I decided to jump in after hearing from co-workers (including a CFO!) that they use the product.  My husband and I work more than one job and have many deductions and this TurboTax Product made the whole process so understandable and clear.  I especially liked that I could edit, review, clear fields, re-enter information, and that I could click on the little windows to ask questions or find topics for advice.  The product is designed in two ways: they can guide you through specific sets of questions or you can choose where to go to in the process without the questions.  Be aware that the various levels of Turbo Tax Product offers different programs regarding state taxes, so review carefully.  This version offers "one free state" program and was what we used.  Very very good product.
This is my eigth year using Quicken TurboTax and it will be my sixth year using the state tax version. I can't imagine going back to pen and paper to do taxes.

There is a new format this year and I'm not quite sure I like it.  It could be that I'm use to the old format.  However, the program still takes you step-by-step through the tax process by asking you questions about the various sections of the forms. It also prompts you to make you remember about things that may have slipped you mind, like other deductions. And, it makes suggestions for deductions that you may not have thought about. At the end of the process you can print out the forms for mailing in the traditional format or in a format that's easy for the IRS computers to read. In addition, you can opt to file electronicly. The help section IS very helpful. It actually makes sense of the rules and instructions for filing your taxes and explains the relevant sections of the tax code in easy to understand language. My one suggestion is that you have all your papers with you before you start the process. You can, of course, save your work and come back to finish or edit it, but it is a pain to be half way through and remember that your mortgage statement is two floors away.

I tried Taxcut in the past because of the product activation on TurboTax. I had problems with it right off. It stated on the box that you could import TurboTax files but when I tried it wouldn't let me. The Taxcut web site suggested that this was a common problem and that you had to edit your TurboTax file (with TurboTax) to bring it down to a certain size. Still, it didn't tell you what that size was ok or really give you any idea on what to cut out. (I thought all of the our tax info was important).

I have to agree that the advertising included in the product (for more Intuit products) now borders on the ridiculous and the program (like all programs) needs more space and more resources each year but I still think that is better that the competition.

My advice: TurboTax is still the best tax prep software. Don't do your taxes without it.
This is my eigth year using Quicken TurboTax and it will be my sixth year using the state tax version. I can't imagine going back to pen and paper to do taxes.

There is a new format this year and I'm not quite sure I like it. It could be that I'm use to the old format. However, the program still takes you step-by-step through the tax process by asking you questions about the various sections of the forms. It also prompts you to make you remember about things that may have slipped you mind, like other deductions. And, it makes suggestions for deductions that you may not have thought about. At the end of the process you can print out the forms for mailing in the traditional format or in a format that's easy for the IRS computers to read. In addition, you can opt to file electronicly. The help section IS very helpful. It actually makes sense of the rules and instructions for filing your taxes and explains the relevant sections of the tax code in easy to understand language. My one suggestion is that you have all your papers with you before you start the process. You can, of course, save your work and come back to finish or edit it, but it is a pain to be half way through and remember that your mortgage statement is two floors away.

I tried Taxcut in the past because of the product activation on TurboTax. I had problems with it right off. It stated on the box that you could import TurboTax files but when I tried it wouldn't let me. The Taxcut web site suggested that this was a common problem and that you had to edit your TurboTax file (with TurboTax) to bring it down to a certain size. Still, it didn't tell you what that size was ok or really give you any idea on what to cut out. (I thought all of the our tax info was important).

I have to agree that the advertising included in the product (for more Intuit products) now borders on the ridiculous and the program (like all programs) needs more space and more resources each year but I still think that is better that the competition.

My advice: TurboTax is still the best tax prep software. Don't do your taxes without it.
