
Topic 0: does 0.02101 simple 0.01689 basic 0.01326 investment 0.01314 edition 0.01247 premier 0.01083 track 0.0106 stock 0.0105 enter 0.01049 income 0.00959
 How Many: 26822
Not so great this year. All of the complicated, messy stuff that you really want this kind of software to help make easy is exactly the stuff it handled poorly:

- The input section for HUD-1 closing/escrow fees _for a rental property_ was confusing and ambiguous, and guidance was non-existent. It doesn't simply provide box number inputs from the form and categorize them appropriately. Even now I'm not 100% sure what it intends for one to put in certain boxes.
- The mechanism for inputting amortized mortgage expenses on a rental property was buried and obscurely labeled. This is an obvious deduction for rental properties and ought to be right in the main supposed "step-by-step" workflow. Similarly for certain types of fees/improvements that should be capitalized as added cost basis.
- It simply did not handle of a return-of-capital portion of a stock dividend reported on a 1099-DIV. Didn't notice it and didn't flag it for any special action at all. (One is supposed to adjust the cost basis of the shares on which a dividend with a ROC is paid). It appears that this error would cause an *under-reporting* of income that could cause underpayment and penalties!
- It provided no mechanism for inputting a return of capital (from dividends) adjustment on RSU shares -- basically there was no mechanism for reporting an incorrect 1099-B cost basis on these types of shares at all. Had to enter them as a normal stock sale instead. Even more bizarre when one considers that it *was* possible to report the correct adjusted cost basis on ESPP shares.
- Nonetheless, its workflow for inputting ESPP sales was horribly obfuscated compared to prior versions of the product. Previously when entering investment sales, it would simply ask in the step-by-step workflow whether they were ESPP (or RSU, options, etc.) sales and then take you through the appropriate steps accordingly. Now you have to enter them generically, then click a little checkbox stuck in the middle of the ledger, then a button, and then select from a slew of options.
- The handling of K-1s was clear as mud. Again the input flow didn't simply map a substantial proportion of the numbered boxes on the K-1 documents to entries in TurboTax, making it tedious to figure out what is supposed to go where. It did a very poor job of handling the process for inputting ordinary income versus other types of income, etc.
- The handling of K-1 units that are publicly traded was just plain broken. It tried to report the sale twice: once from when it imported the 1099-B and again from the data I had input in the K-1 workflow. I only caught that it was making me pay tax twice on the transaction when I reviewed the actual tax forms generated at the end for final printout and filing. The workaround was very poorly documented and rather bizarre (though apparently in accordance with IRS guidance).

It didn't make dealing with any of the complex parts of my tax situation easier, other than knowing what forms need to be filled out and providing for the data entry. A pretty high price for a glorified form generator -- I'm paying for this to help make things easier. Disappointing compared to past years.
Buy this product if your math is weaker than a third grader and you have no knowledge of excel spreadsheets. This is a completely useless software and my excel spreadsheet gives me more flexibility and reports than this expensive intuit product.
All this product does is to give you a GUI to add rental info such as rent received and expenses incurred. Rest is simple math - something most investors do with spreadsheet, add expenses, add income, subtract expenses from income. Very limited reporting capability. No ROI calculations or trending capabilites ( rent increases, break even analysis etc.). Less than 1 star.
You may be thinking you should invest in your non-profit by paying the premium for the NonProfit Edition of Quickbooks. Well, Intuit has damaged their reputation by daring to call this a custom edition. They have slapped on a few screens and menus to serve the non-profit market but, unless you are a seasoned Quickbooks user you will be mired in numerous screens designed for the for-profit market, using irrelevant terminology. What's worse, they haven't even included appropriate non-profit terminology in many of their basic screens. Think the manual should help? No, they give you the manual for the for-profit version as well as a little guide to installing your non-profit version. If you are a non-profit and must use QuickBooks, think twice before paying the premium for the custom non-profit version.
You may be thinking you should invest in your non-profit by paying the premium for the NonProfit Edition of Quickbooks. Well, Intuit has damaged their reputation by daring to call this a custom edition. They have slapped on a few screens and menus to serve the non-profit market but, unless you are a seasoned Quickbooks user you will be mired in numerous screens designed for the for-profit market, using irrelevant terminology. What's worse, they haven't even included appropriate non-profit terminology in many of their basic screens. Think the manual should help? No, they give you the manual for the for-profit version as well as a little guide to installing your non-profit version. If you are a non-profit and must use QuickBooks, think twice before paying the premium for the custom non-profit version.
Disappointing.  The graphics and visuals are clunky--very 1990s.  More importantly, I purchased to use as an asset (banking and investment) aggregator, as the aggregation tools at my main broker-dealer are inadequate (non-existent).  Fundamental flaw is that it does not capture asset categories well (for example, sub categories of US stock asset classes, or international or non-US categories), and despite hours of effort I have not found a manual asset class write or over-ride feature.  I am going to write off this investment, and either find something that does what I need or have to create that through some kind of spreadsheet (ugh!).
[3/12/09 UPDATE: FOR ANYONE WHO DEDUCTS MORTGAGE INTEREST AND IS WONDERING WHETHER AND HOW THEY OWE AMT, PLEASE READ THE COMMENTS ATTACHED TO THIS REVIEW FOR CURRENT STATUS AND INFORMATION REGARDING INTUIT'S HANDLING OF THIS MAJOR SOFTWARE ERROR THAT CAUSES FORM 6251 NOT TO BE GENERATED/FILED AND POSSIBLE UNDERREPORTING OF TAXES OWED.]

*  *  *

I am an attorney and my wife is a tax attorney, and we have spent hours reverse engineering and confirming TurboTax software problems (with dummy numbers) last night to determine ONCE AGAIN that the brain trust at TurboTax is giving us defective product.  I have used TurboTax since 2005 (only for the spread sheet aspects), and, now that the IRS has made free online filing spreadsheet software available regardless of income (check out the new "Fillable Forms" at the IRS Free File website), THIS WILL OFFICIALLY BE THE LAST YEAR I USE TURBOTAX.  Hooraahhh!  Every year I find numerous errors in their software (from mortgage interest deduction, to carry-overs, to properly completing non-cash charitable donations per IRS requirements, to calculating AMT credits, and now to yet another problem described here), and like many of you guys, every year that I write in about a problem, I get one of their generic, inane replies from some low-level non-attorney who knows nothing about the tax code.  Like years past, I spend more time beta-testing their software bugs than actually doing my tax return.  This year, I easily computed and input all my data for our 2008 return, but I can not get TurboTax to generate (unless I start overriding everything . . . which can lead to other problems) this year's requisite Form 6251 for the AMT so that I can actually e-file my return.  Unlike most people, we do our returns manually per the paper IRS forms, instructions, publications, and tax regs (again my wife is a tax lawyer), and then we input it all in TurboTax to e-file it . . . and like this year, I ALWAYS find major problems in their software.  For example, thousands of Americans are claiming a mortgage interest deduction on Schedule A that they are not entitled to due to the way TurboTax incorrectly distinguishes between home equity indebtedness and home acquisition indebtedness in the context of, e.g., refinanced primary mortgages that include a cash-out component, as well as due to the lack of direction in their menus about the need to compute average mortgage balances.  TurboTax's interview just generically refers you to the IRS publication(s), which everyone tells me they do not have time to do (they tell me that's why they bought the software to begin with, so that they do NOT have to look at the Pubs, Regs, or Code) . . . even my attorney friends who use Turbo don't refer to the tax Pubs to figure out their average mortgage balances, and say instead that they simply claim everything on their 1098 Mortgage Interest Statements (which is wrong!).  TurboTax could easily fix this longstanding gap in their software by hiring a tax attorney and programmer to add the same sort of interview questions and worksheets that are in Publication 936.  But for some reason, after years of making this complaint, they still fail to do this.  Seperate and aside from this problem, now I see this year, another huge software bug (described below) that makes me wonder how many filers with mortgage interest are not including Form 6251 for the AMT (even if they do not owe AMT, the form must still be attached/e-filed in many cases).  As I say to all my friends, if you don't learn the basics of the tax code and check your taxes manually at least somewhat, then you will be in trouble if you solely rely on any version of TurboTax . . . as I have found that TurboTax has done my taxes wrong every year (2005, 2006, 2007, and now 2008).  [This is absolutely True.  Every year, my wife and I have had to override and/or spend days complaining to Intuit about necessary patches, etc.]  Of course, I hope everyone here realizes that all these people that say "TurboTax is Easy and Great" in their 5-star reviews are often the worst type of resources to rely on for an assessment of whether this software is worth your money (and more importantly, time). . . as, how can these cheerleaders possibly be in a position to critique whether the software works correctly if they don't understand what is supposed to happen tax-wise in a given situation?  If you read through ALL the reviews, you will often see the most critical reviews coming from people who evidence some tax knowledge on what TurboTax is supposed to do . . . these people seem far more reliable to me.  Many of these 5-star reviews can be completely discounted by the fact that they were written by people who never had a CPA or lawyer verify that their alleged "so easy, so simple, so wonderful" tax returns were actually done correctly by the software's interview.  As I said above, now that there is no income requirement for completing your return online at the IRS website with their free tax spreadsheet Fillable Forms (brand new option this year!), I will be saying GOODBYE to wasting $30-$60 a year on this software that my wife and I have to beta-test for days.  And you can too.  Trust me, as an attorney, your best options for your taxes are: (1) learn the tax code just enough so that you know what should happen tax-wise during each set of interview questions (and if you do that, then you can now use the IRS "fillable forms" and e-file for free at the IRS website); or (2) pay a little more and use a CPA or attorney.  As your instinct probably tells you, no software program alone is going to magically do this stuff correctly for you; even worse is that it does it wrong after so much wasted time in so many cases.  The wasting of so much of one's time to beta-test this product is just outrageous.  [And waiting to buy the software is just no good, as, in year's past, I was still receiving patches right up to the filing deadline in April!]  Completely unfair that this product continues to dominate the market when the IRS/Treasury should simply do-away with all the lobbying Intuit does here in Washington DC each year, and instead should expand its "fillable forms" with a set of free basic interview questions like Virginia and other states make available online.

As far as the specifics of the problem on the Form 6251 not being done correctly, if you are interested, here is my detailed post about this debacle on a thread on TurboTax's Live Community.  [YOU SHOULD ALSO READ THE COMMENTS ATTACHED TO THIS REVIEW FOR MY TAKE AS OF 3/12/09 ON HOW EGREGIOUS THIS ERROR HAS BEEN, AS WELL AS COMMENTARY AND OPINION ON INTUIT'S HANDLING OF IT TO DATE.]

Live Community post follows:

FORM 6251 not being generated!
MAJOR ERROR IN TURBOTAX DELUXE 2008!!

My wife and I are attorneys (she is a tax attorney), and once again your software is saying I do not need to submit a Form 6251 when in fact I am REQUIRED by the Form 6251 Instructions to attach a Form 6251 to my return (even though I do not owe AMT this year, the form must still be generated and attached).

I am required to attach the Form 6251 because, per the Instructions: "The total of Form 6251, lines 9 through 28, is negative and line 32 would be greater than line 35 if you did not take into account lines 9 through 28." In my case, all of our home mortgage interest is deductible under the regular tax this year, because all of our home equity debt (which happens to be used for investment) is less than 100K; thus, we do not need to complete the TurboTax questions (under the regular tax) for Investment Interest Expense (i.e., because we already are claiming all of this interest as home mortgage interest, we can not and do not need to take it again as investment interest expense simply because the proceeds happen to be used for investment). Thus, TurboTax correctly does not generate a Form 4952 for the regular tax.

However, under the AMT regime, I need to enter values on lines 4 and 9 of Form 6251 to add the interest on the home equity debt back into my AMT income and then subtract it out of my AMT income as investment interest expense. I realize this is essentially a wash, but it does not exclude me from the requirement of filing the Form 6251. WHY IS TURBOTAX FAILING TO GENERATE AND E-FILE A FORM 6251 IN THIS CASE? Also, TurboTax should be generating a Form 4952-AMT (for my reference only of course), but IT IS NOT GENERATING ONE EITHER.

Clearly, TurboTax's inquiry can't handle a situation where you are not claiming investment interest expense in the regular tax world (because it all qualifies as home equity debt), but then you need to claim it in the AMT tax world. PLEASE FIX THIS ASAP.

TURBOTAX NEEDS TO GENERATE BOTH THE FORM 6251 AND FORM 4952-AMT IN SITUATIONS LIKE MINE.

Follow-up Message from me to TurboTax programmers:

You guys screwed up! Why do I have to beta-test your software every year!?!?!?

I just sent you a detailed problem about Form 6251 not being generated. It turns out that at the beginning of the AMT questionnaire, there is an error in your Form 6251 worksheet programming. In response to the AMT question "Tell Us About Your Mortgage Interest," if I input a lower value for "Interest Paid on an Eligible Mortgage" (as compared to the home mortgage interest value from my regular tax Schedule A), then your software does not enter any "home mortgage interest adjustment" in the worksheet (and on line 4 of a Form 6251). Thus, no Form 6251 is being generated when in fact it is REQUIRED per the instructions to the Form 6251.

Also, in prior years, there was always a question in TurboTax that would then ask you to adjust for any investment interest expense you might be able to claim under the AMT if any of this above ineligible interest happened to be used for investment (and therefore could be subtracted out on Line 9 of Form 6251).

Shame on you TurboTax. I can't even correctly file my return this year until you fix this. I wonder how many people have already filed their taxes without Form 6251, even though they were required to do so (regardless of whether they owe AMT, the Form 6251 must still be attached in these cases).
This Rental Property Manager is like having one register for each property to track credits and debits.  Some reports.  Thats it. Using the regular Quicken Basic, with a Banking account and a Property/Asset account, works better and gives you a way to compare operating expenses, income, mortgage/loan information, and property value.  Since its scope is limited, having shorter lists of categories and tax schedules and lines to worry about than in the regular Quicken software, but the limited scope and higher cost for a focused subset of Quicken Basic? Not so useful.
[4/12/09 UPDATE:  Adding my review of the TT Deluxe product in this thread in case anyone is thinking about downloading this software at the last minute before tax deadline.]

[3/12/09 UPDATE: FOR ANYONE WHO DEDUCTS MORTGAGE INTEREST AND IS WONDERING WHETHER AND HOW THEY OWE AMT, PLEASE READ THE COMMENTS ATTACHED TO THIS REVIEW FOR CURRENT STATUS AND INFORMATION REGARDING INTUIT'S HANDLING OF THIS MAJOR SOFTWARE ERROR THAT CAUSES FORM 6251 NOT TO BE GENERATED/FILED AND POSSIBLE UNDERREPORTING OF TAXES OWED.]

* * *

[2/18/09 REVIEW:] I am an attorney and my wife is a tax attorney, and we have spent hours reverse engineering and confirming TurboTax software problems (with dummy numbers) last night to determine ONCE AGAIN that the brain trust at TurboTax is giving us defective product. I have used TurboTax since 2005 (only for the spread sheet aspects), and, now that the IRS has made free online filing spreadsheet software available regardless of income (check out the new "Fillable Forms" at the IRS Free File website), THIS WILL OFFICIALLY BE THE LAST YEAR I USE TURBOTAX. Hooraahhh! Every year I find numerous errors in their software (from mortgage interest deduction, to carry-overs, to properly completing non-cash charitable donations per IRS requirements, to calculating AMT credits, and now to yet another problem described here), and like many of you guys, every year that I write in about a problem, I get one of their generic, inane replies from some low-level non-attorney who knows nothing about the tax code. Like years past, I spend more time beta-testing their software bugs than actually doing my tax return. This year, I easily computed and input all my data for our 2008 return, but I can not get TurboTax to generate (unless I start overriding everything . . . which can lead to other problems) this year's requisite Form 6251 for the AMT so that I can actually e-file my return. Unlike most people, we do our returns manually per the paper IRS forms, instructions, publications, and tax regs (again my wife is a tax lawyer), and then we input it all in TurboTax to e-file it . . . and like this year, I ALWAYS find major problems in their software. For example, thousands of Americans are claiming a mortgage interest deduction on Schedule A that they are not entitled to due to the way TurboTax incorrectly distinguishes between home equity indebtedness and home acquisition indebtedness in the context of, e.g., refinanced primary mortgages that include a cash-out component, as well as due to the lack of direction in their menus about the need to compute average mortgage balances. TurboTax's interview just generically refers you to the IRS publication(s), which everyone tells me they do not have time to do (they tell me that's why they bought the software to begin with, so that they do NOT have to look at the Pubs, Regs, or Code) . . . even my attorney friends who use Turbo don't refer to the tax Pubs to figure out their average mortgage balances, and say instead that they simply claim everything on their 1098 Mortgage Interest Statements (which is wrong!). TurboTax could easily fix this longstanding gap in their software by hiring a tax attorney and programmer to add the same sort of interview questions and worksheets that are in Publication 936. But for some reason, after years of making this complaint, they still fail to do this. Seperate and aside from this problem, now I see this year, another huge software bug (described below) that makes me wonder how many filers with mortgage interest are not including Form 6251 for the AMT (even if they do not owe AMT, the form must still be attached/e-filed in many cases). As I say to all my friends, if you don't learn the basics of the tax code and check your taxes manually at least somewhat, then you will be in trouble if you solely rely on any version of TurboTax . . . as I have found that TurboTax has done my taxes wrong every year (2005, 2006, 2007, and now 2008). [This is absolutely True. Every year, my wife and I have had to override and/or spend days complaining to Intuit about necessary patches, etc.] Of course, I hope everyone here realizes that all these people that say "TurboTax is Easy and Great" in their 5-star reviews are often the worst type of resources to rely on for an assessment of whether this software is worth your money (and more importantly, time). . . as, how can these cheerleaders possibly be in a position to critique whether the software works correctly if they don't understand what is supposed to happen tax-wise in a given situation? If you read through ALL the reviews, you will often see the most critical reviews coming from people who evidence some tax knowledge on what TurboTax is supposed to do . . . these people seem far more reliable to me. Many of these 5-star reviews can be completely discounted by the fact that they were written by people who never had a CPA or lawyer verify that their alleged "so easy, so simple, so wonderful" tax returns were actually done correctly by the software's interview. As I said above, now that there is no income requirement for completing your return online at the IRS website with their free tax spreadsheet Fillable Forms (brand new option this year!), I will be saying GOODBYE to wasting $30-$60 a year on this software that my wife and I have to beta-test for days. And you can too. Trust me, as an attorney, your best options for your taxes are: (1) learn the tax code just enough so that you know what should happen tax-wise during each set of interview questions (and if you do that, then you can now use the IRS "fillable forms" and e-file for free at the IRS website); or (2) pay a little more and use a CPA or attorney. As your instinct probably tells you, no software program alone is going to magically do this stuff correctly for you; even worse is that it does it wrong after so much wasted time in so many cases. The wasting of so much of one's time to beta-test this product is just outrageous. [And waiting to buy the software is just no good, as, in year's past, I was still receiving patches right up to the filing deadline in April!] Completely unfair that this product continues to dominate the market when the IRS/Treasury should simply do-away with all the lobbying Intuit does here in Washington DC each year, and instead should expand its "fillable forms" with a set of free basic interview questions like Virginia and other states make available online.

As far as the specifics of the problem on the Form 6251 not being done correctly, if you are interested, here is my detailed post about this debacle on a thread on TurboTax's Live Community. [YOU SHOULD ALSO READ THE COMMENTS ATTACHED TO THIS REVIEW FOR MY TAKE AS OF 3/12/09 ON HOW EGREGIOUS THIS ERROR HAS BEEN, AS WELL AS COMMENTARY AND OPINION ON INTUIT'S HANDLING OF IT TO DATE.]

Live Community post follows:

FORM 6251 not being generated!
MAJOR ERROR IN TURBOTAX DELUXE 2008!!

My wife and I are attorneys (she is a tax attorney), and once again your software is saying I do not need to submit a Form 6251 when in fact I am REQUIRED by the Form 6251 Instructions to attach a Form 6251 to my return (even though I do not owe AMT this year, the form must still be generated and attached).

I am required to attach the Form 6251 because, per the Instructions: "The total of Form 6251, lines 9 through 28, is negative and line 32 would be greater than line 35 if you did not take into account lines 9 through 28." In my case, all of our home mortgage interest is deductible under the regular tax this year, because all of our home equity debt (which happens to be used for investment) is less than 100K; thus, we do not need to complete the TurboTax questions (under the regular tax) for Investment Interest Expense (i.e., because we already are claiming all of this interest as home mortgage interest, we can not and do not need to take it again as investment interest expense simply because the proceeds happen to be used for investment). Thus, TurboTax correctly does not generate a Form 4952 for the regular tax.

However, under the AMT regime, I need to enter values on lines 4 and 9 of Form 6251 to add the interest on the home equity debt back into my AMT income and then subtract it out of my AMT income as investment interest expense. I realize this is essentially a wash, but it does not exclude me from the requirement of filing the Form 6251. WHY IS TURBOTAX FAILING TO GENERATE AND E-FILE A FORM 6251 IN THIS CASE? Also, TurboTax should be generating a Form 4952-AMT (for my reference only of course), but IT IS NOT GENERATING ONE EITHER.

Clearly, TurboTax's inquiry can't handle a situation where you are not claiming investment interest expense in the regular tax world (because it all qualifies as home equity debt), but then you need to claim it in the AMT tax world. PLEASE FIX THIS ASAP.

TURBOTAX NEEDS TO GENERATE BOTH THE FORM 6251 AND FORM 4952-AMT IN SITUATIONS LIKE MINE.

Follow-up Message from me to TurboTax programmers:

You guys screwed up! Why do I have to beta-test your software every year!?!?!?

I just sent you a detailed problem about Form 6251 not being generated. It turns out that at the beginning of the AMT questionnaire, there is an error in your Form 6251 worksheet programming. In response to the AMT question "Tell Us About Your Mortgage Interest," if I input a lower value for "Interest Paid on an Eligible Mortgage" (as compared to the home mortgage interest value from my regular tax Schedule A), then your software does not enter any "home mortgage interest adjustment" in the worksheet (and on line 4 of a Form 6251). Thus, no Form 6251 is being generated when in fact it is REQUIRED per the instructions to the Form 6251.

Also, in prior years, there was always a question in TurboTax that would then ask you to adjust for any investment interest expense you might be able to claim under the AMT if any of this above ineligible interest happened to be used for investment (and therefore could be subtracted out on Line 9 of Form 6251).

Shame on you TurboTax. I can't even correctly file my return this year until you fix this. I wonder how many people have already filed their taxes without Form 6251, even though they were required to do so (regardless of whether they owe AMT, the Form 6251 must still be attached in these cases).
I'm giving it 2 stars because it does provide basic functionality and the switch from win2015 premier was not too stressful.  However, I have 2 IRA's and a taxable account with Vanguard.  Its portfolio updates are proving to be accurate.  However, portfolio reporting is a disaster.  The limited portfolio reports displayed provide a basic picture.  BUT YOU CAN'T CUSTOMIZE THEM!  Not only that, the export to cvs is grayed out and I can't even get the data to excel.  This is an egregious exception.  Evidently microsoft programmers must not own securities or have them in some employee benefit plans.  At least copy/paste works.  Very frustrated.
The rental property manager really adds nothing, with the exception of some confusion, to quicken's personal finance software. There is no intelligence to the rental setup.  For example, setting up lease information does not create rent reminders, does not cause rent received to be booked to the correct category, and does not terminate any rent reminders at the end of the lease.  Reporting is difficult to impossible.  It handles virtually nothing with asset tracking--purchases/sales.  Really no value here.

Topic 1: support 0.04097 problem 0.02097 help 0.01673 hours 0.01474 time 0.01377 tried 0.01368 customer 0.01247 error 0.01093 phone 0.01043 service 0.0098
 How Many: 26822
After spending four hours on the phone with customer support, they still weren't able to get the software to work properly.  The first three times that I called customer support, it took about five minutes each time simply to get through all of the prompts to the right department.  Then, the system produced a busy signal and hung up on me.  Only after I selected a different department was I able to find someone who directed the call to someone who was supposed to fix the problem.  After four hours with two different people using "Log Me In", nobody was able to get the problem fixed.  The last person told me that she needed to refer my call to another department, but that other department wouldn't accept her call!  I finally left my phone on hold while that person kept working on the problem, only to come back an hour later to find that she hung up on her end without getting it to work.  If you count that hour when I wasn't sitting on the phone, that was five hours of unsuccessful troubleshooting by Intuit.  There must be better business software packages out there.  Who can afford to waste that much time on this sort of thing?
I purchased & installed this version in early November, 2012. I have used Quicken Products for more then 20 years with no complaints....until now. In early December, 2012 I ran the 'R10' update. Since then I have not been able to connect to any of my banks, credit cards, etc to do the online update through Quicken (which I've also used for years). So I started trying to get help from Quicken Support. I called & they had no solution for me, so they 'Escalated' my case and had me upload my log files.

In a couple of days, I received a "Canned Response" email telling me to reset my bank passwords, inactivate & deactivate my Accounts in Quicken, add new accts, etc. NONE of these standard answers Work!! I had already tried them all numerous times during my phone conversation and once I Deactivated any account online, I was not able to reactivate it at all! So I called again, was put on hold for 25 minutes and then disconnected because their office had closed.

So I tried the online Chat. He tried to help, but nothing worked, so he had me submit my log files again and 'Escalated' my case, again. In a couple of days I received a "Canned Response" email again telling me to try all the things I had already tried if none of that worked, I should open a case and submit my log files! So far, I've also received 3 emails thanking me for contacting Quicken Customer Support and "hoping that they had resolved my problem satisfactorily". HA... I responded to each but no results.

I have several emails, 3 phone calls & 2 online Chats and have uploaded my log files 5 times, with no results, just get sent round & round in the same circle. Yesterday I sent another email responding to their most recent 'Canned Response' and lack of service and I insisted that I be given contact information for a Manager or Supervisor. Today, I received yet another email from Customer Service. This one said it was from "Ashish Canan", (who supposedly is a floor manager) saying he/she (?) had gone through the complete incident and Log files which I had uploaded. Ashish was able to see the error code CC 899, which was clearly the problem, in the log files. Then Ashish told me to "please follow the steps mentioned in the following link: blah, blah, blah" which was exactly what all the rest had told me to do....Obviously reading through my entire incident file helped them a lot!

Then Ashish followed up with this statement, almost as an after-thought: "I also wish to inform you that CC-899 is an known issue and our team is working on the issue. If the issue is not resolved by following the steps then please signup for the notification. When the issue will be resolved then you will get the notification from us."

DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME & MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT! I would have given it Negative Stars if possible!
IT IS A POOR EXCUSE OF BETA SOFTWARE TO SAY THE LEAST.... and Yes...It worked great for the first month, before showing it's True colors.
My customer service experience with Intuit for Quickbooks has been horrendous. For one question I had, I spent over 10 min. on hold. The person I spoke to did not speak understandable English and disconnected with me before I even had a chance to ask my question. I called back spent another 3 min. on hold and the person who I spoke was rude before transferring me. I spent well over 30 min. on hold during the last call with a VERY nice rep who put me on hold multiple times. All this effort and she was not able to resolve t. The company sent me 2 emails asking me to review their customer service and issue resolution. I outlined my issue BOTH times and requested that I be contacted. I was never contacted and the issue was not resolved.

BTW...the purchase process was so EASY. I had no issues getting my product and they VERY happily took my money.

Overall, a very disheartening experience.
As other people have stated, my problem is not with the software directly but the customer service. My software was duplicating entries from my bank. I spent hours on the phone trying to get my issue resolved but, after 30 days of calling & speaking with countless reps my issue remained. First, I was told that someone in tech would be getting back to me about my issue in three days. I finally called back on the fifth day, yet no one seemed to know what I was talking about! Then, I started a new inquiry about my issue and was told that someone from tech would get back to me in three days. Quess what? Nothing! After that, I called back about a week later and was told that they were still working on the issue. I waited long enough. I finally called and got the return info for the software before my refund deadline ran out. I would love to state that they tried their best but, they did not. Most people I talked to did not speak fluent english and had no idea what I was talking about. They kept rehearsing what their manuel said word for word about tech issues. They would go through the whole thing and finally announce to me that a tech service person would get back to me.  I would love to rate this 5 stars but, until they hire more knowledgable staff, I cannot. I can't tell you how frustrating this has been as a new business owner.
By the way: Quickbooks need not reply that they are sorry I had this issue and they would be happy to resolve my issue if I would contact customer support!
used turbotax for several years. was happy with it.

this year had a problem.

tried to contact support via chat.
took 30 minutes before my turn. ok; things can take some tme.
one hour later i was still online chatting with some moron who asked me again and again what my issue was and how could they help me.
unbelieveable.
eventually they said they could not help me.
i asked if they would open it as a defect. they said they would and that i would be contacted within 2 days - that sounded good.  but, i was never contacted.

so, a week later i went to the live call.
waited 37 minutes before i got a person on a live call. i thought this would be great - it wasn't.
the person on the call was simply instant messaging some 'expert' somewhere - perhaps that expert was the first moron i was working with a week before...who knows.
guess what; an hour later i was still on the phone with this second moron who asked me again and again what the issue was and how to spell my name.  unbelieveable. also heard about how tired she was and how her feet hurt.  oh man....
eventually the person said they would issue a refund of my money and i would get an email within 24 hours stating that - that sounded good.  but, i never received that email.
and no, my issue was not resolved.

if you have a simple return, and are lucky enough to not have a problem with the product, then it is good.
on the other hand, if you have a problem with their product, good luck with that!

i still can't believe it......
Third night in a row calling Customer Service. First night I spoke with a woman (didn't record her name) who knew less about the program than I did. I was on the phone with her for approximately an hour and finally had to leave my house to go pick up a family member. She gave me a case number which she assured me I could use later to get a quick response. Second night I spoke with a man who said he would immediately transfer me to a Tier 2 specialist, but in fact, hung up on me. I called back and had the pleasure of speaking with Bobby, who, despite my requesting at least four times to be transferred, insisted I wait just a few more minutes for him to look here or there for a solution to my issue. By the time he agreed to transfer me (74 minutes into the call), lo and behold their Tax Advisor Department had been closed for 15 minutes. Tonight I have spoken to Chris and to Priscilla, both of whom agreed to transfer me to the Tax Advisor Department. I waited for about 20 minutes after Chris transferred me - I'm still on hold after Priscilla transferred me. Who'll take a bet that no one in that department picks up the phone tonight?
I upgraded from 2012 to 2014.  In the process of trying to add the Dillards and Bananna credit card accounts, I received an error and the program instructed me to try again later.  I waited a day, tried again, and received the same error.  My first attempt to reach support was on 11/4 and I gave up after being on hold for over 30 minutes.  On 11/5, an agent answered after 50 minutes.  He was rude, frequently spoke over me, and then requested log files but would not stay on the line and assist me in sending the log files.  I sent the log files.  No response on 11/5, so I sent another message asking for next steps.  No response on 11/6, so I called into support.  After 55 minutes on hold, a representative looked at my account and said more logs were needed.  She helped me send the appropriate files and told me that it would take a few days for them to review.  Today 11/12, I received a message stating that internet banking is down for scheduled maintenance and to try again later.  Scheduled maintenance for over a week?  I did try again--it's still not working.

I just received another response on 11/17 asking me to "refresh my accounts" and see if the problem is resolved.  I don't have a problem with refreshing--I can't add the accounts in the first place.  I sent more logs and today, 11/18, received the same e-mail escalation message I received on 11/7.  I must be caught in a loop.  EDIT: As of 12/2 I'm still sending logs and receiving messages to send more logs with no end in sight.

I'm ready to return the software.  How do I get a refund since nobody is willing to help me?  I've used Quicken for years--what happened to this once great program and company?  Why does the Intuit rep respond to everyone else's review except for mine?
wow - I went on line to speak to a rep (marnie) after 2 hours she said she could not help. Try calling the phone. I first talked to "Rachel" and to told her that Marnie to me to ask for supervisor immediately when I get throught. I waited 40 minutes to talk to Rachel who transferred me to Peter (another 33 minutes). Unfortunately Peter was in billing. Peter sent me with priority to the call center. After 41 minutes Janeish listened and said I will transfer you to a supervisor. The line went busy and disconnected. I am on hold right now for approx. 32 minutes.
I have been using Quicken for over twenty years and this will be my last.  I had Quicken Deluxe 2013 and I forgot my data file password.  I downloaded  the QuickenPasswordReset.exe program and uploaded my files to quicken and the next screen told me to answer the security question about one of my accounts, problem was there were no accounts listed.  Tried it two more times just in case there was an upload error with the same results.  Called Quicken Help and was told that my Quicken 2013 free service help was no longer free.  I could either pay for help or buy Quicken 2014, I choose the latter.  I was told that if I did this the QuickenPasswordReset.exe program would work.  WRONG, it got to the same place as before and failed.  I called the phone number on the box and worked my way through the phone tree only to be given another number to call.  I called the second number, worked my way through the phone tree only to be told that the only help available was now online.  That is where the real frustration set in, no matter how Westernized the names I was obviously dealing with an Indian help site.  If the question asked did not appear in their plasticized work books their response was  "I see."  If you asked them a question that they could not answer there was a very long wait time and then they would ask you again what was the last question that you had just asked them or they would ask if they had solved your problem.  When pressed they would say it " is beyond my scope" and "escalate" the question to another level.  I managed to "escalate" three levels in about two hours the first day and gave up in frustration.  The next day was no better, I would paste the case # into the request and they would come back and ask me what problem I was having with Quicken even after they said that they needed time to review my record.  I was always told if someone does not understand you rephrase the question, that did not help either. After another two hours I was told that an e-mail would arrive and to follow the instructions.  Okay, it arrived and I followed the instructions, I choose to have Intuit remove the password as their program had not worked in the past and I did not want to try for a seventh time.  I had tried three additional times after buying Quicken Deluxe 2014.  I once again uploaded the data file and answered their e-mail with security answers, but received their e-mail back as undeliverable.  Was told the next day when it was escalated twice that it would take 24-48 hours for them to remove the password, figured they would look at the file and then ask me specific questions about the file before they would release it back to me.  I contacted them after 50 hours and after asking for a supervisor was given a phone call from India.  The supervisor now told me that it could take up to seven business days to remove the password.  I asked him about the security questions and told him that I received the e-mail back as undeliverable.  He told me to try it one more time and use the second e-mail that I received.  Now there were many disclaimers in these e-mails so the last thing I wanted to do was start all over, so once again I replied to the original e-mail.  About an hour later I received another e-mail telling me that my data file was available.  BUT THIS IS THE IMPORTANT PART- I SENT THEM A FILE WITH 42 MB AND RECEIVED ON BACK WITH 55 MB.  IF ALL THEY HAD DONE IS REMOVE A PASSWORD WHY WAS MY FILE SO MUCH LARGER?  India ranks right up there with China, Russia, and Nigeria as far as internet scams.  What else did they put on my data file?  Caveat emptor -Let the Buyer Beware
I am posting this here to warn others that if/when you get errors don't expect to get help from their customer service group.

After recieving a serie of 501-CC errors (not allowing me to download info from my bank) here is what their India based customer service reps told me. This is a transcript of our conversation.

Gaurav: Hi, my name is Gaurav. Thank you for contacting Quicken, please allow me a moment to read your question.
 Gaurav: Hi Chris, how are you doing today?
 Chris Toliver: I am okay.
 Chris Toliver: So at the end of the day I am just checking on the status of Incident: 111112-000328. I haven't heard back from you guys in three weeks.
 Gaurav: Cris, your case is still pending with Quicken research team.
 Chris Toliver: do you have an ETA on a resolution?
 Gaurav: There is standard TAT of 15 days.
 Chris Toliver: okay. that time is up. so what should i do now?
 Gaurav: It may take more or less time. It depends on the criticality of the issue.
 Chris Toliver: how long should i wait until i contact you again? a week? a month?
 Gaurav: I am unable to predict any time.
 Gaurav: Please open Quicken >> Go to Account Action above Balance column >> Select Update now.
 Chris Toliver: okay, it just finished updating
 Gaurav: Are you able to update your account?
 Chris Toliver: all of the accounts updated fine except two of my three chase bank accounts. basically i am getting the same error as in Incident: 111112-000328.
 Gaurav: I will request you to wait till the issue is resolved.
 Chris Toliver: how long will i have to wait?
 Chris Toliver: a week? a month? a year?
 Gaurav: You will get the resolution very shortly.
 Gaurav: There is no turn around time.
 Chris Toliver: so you are telling me that you can't give me a time?
 Gaurav: The standard tile to resolve the issue is 15 to 20 days.
 Chris Toliver: right. but is has been longer than that, thus my contacting you.
 Gaurav: It may take more or less time to resolve the issue.
 Chris Toliver: how long should i wait until i ask for a refund?
 Chris Toliver:
how long should i wait until i start posting about this on amazon.com?
 Chris Toliver:
because right now, the product i purchased isn't working.
 Gaurav: The time takes on the criticaliyty of the issue.
 Chris Toliver: so basically you can't really answer my question?
 Gaurav: I can not provide you the exact time period to resolve the issue.

The lesson here is that they won't help you.
That is all.

Chris Toliver

Topic 2: money 0.0931 don 0.06457 work 0.05288 time 0.03877 software 0.03716 doesn 0.03495 better 0.02127 waste 0.01995 worst 0.01786 microsoft 0.01737
 How Many: 26822
I'm disgusted with software changes in TT for tax year 2014.  They have to do with how you save the file.

1)  In prior years, when you Quit, you get prompted:  Don't Save Cancel Save.  Don't Save discards all changes since the last time you saved.  Fine, great, just like in >90% of software out there.  I love it.

But in TT for 2014, when you Quit, the prompt is now:  Revert Changes Cancel Save.  Revert Changes is supposed to discard all  changes-- not since you last saved, but since you opened the document!  WTF!  I Save every time I make a change I want to keep, dozen or more times per session.  Once I commit to a Save, I want it ground in stone. Other than an Undo command (for the very last change only), nothing should unsave it. If I quit with Don't Save, I want the unsaved changes-- since my last save only-- dropped like they never existed.  I often run multiple copies of a TT document exploring different scenarios; if you don't have these core principles of Save and Don't save, it's a nightmare keeping track.  This Revert Changes idea of undoing all changes since you opened the document is bogus-- that's what multiple copies are for.

What's worse, Revert Changes doesn't always work as advertised!  I opened a TT document, made a couple changes-- didn't Save anything-- Quit, and hit Revert Changes at the prompt. Then I reopened the same document, looked, and one of the changes was STILL THERE!  WTF!  To be fair, another time I used Revert Changes and it did work.  But it's DANGEROUS if it doesn't always work!

I want my Don't Save back!!  Revert Changes is for people who don't Save intermittently and think they have one and only one copy of their TT file to work with.
This software is stupid! Don't waste your money! It wants to automate everything. I spend most of my time just undoing what it automated. The budgeting is a joke! It wants to create your bugdet for you! Useless software.
I've had this now since MS Money stopped selling theirs and Wells Fargo stopped supporting MS Money, about a year now.  I have to say this is the worst software I've ever used.  I'm a programmer/engineer and develop software.  This is not intuitive, it's buggy and hard to use.  Why don't they just copy MS Money?  MS Money was a wonderful program, easy to use, powerful, common sense stuff.  Quicken is VERY frustrating to use.  I suppose if you never used anything else you wouldn't know any better, but those of us that have used various other money software know better.  I just can't understand how this became the standard. They could have done so much better.  If you want to control your money at home and link to a bank this is your only option, very sad.
I've had this now since MS Money stopped selling theirs and Wells Fargo stopped supporting MS Money, about a year now. I have to say this is the worst software I've ever used. I'm a programmer/engineer and develop software. This is not intuitive, it's buggy and hard to use. Why don't they just copy MS Money? MS Money was a wonderful program, easy to use, powerful, common sense stuff. Quicken is VERY frustrating to use. I suppose if you never used anything else you wouldn't know any better, but those of us that have used various other money software know better. I just can't understand how this became the standard. They could have done so much better. If you want to control your money at home and link to a bank this is your only option, very sad.
I thought I would spend the money and get some good accounting software. Pissed my money away. This software sucks. Takes forever to do a simple estimate. Don't waste your money OR your time
A total waste of time and money.  Compared to Microsoft Money it is useless.  Save your money and go and watch TV.
I really wish Microsoft did not discontinue MS Money. This by far is the ugliest and hardest piece of software I have ever used. After rebuilding my file more than twice, and meticulously making sure that Quicken perfectly matches the transactions from my banks, I find myself in a situation where it is not reconciling -- AGAIN!. Terrible product. I wish I can get my money back. TOTAL AND ABSOLUTE waste of time. Mint is far better, and sadly Intuit bought them out. You'd think they'll take Mint and implement it...but NO. Or, would allow you to migrate from Mint (which works) to Quicken... But NO! Terrible, terrible product. Terrible product management. This is software that is still stuck in the 90's. Did I say I miss MS Money?
After a lot of research, I very reluctantly bought Quicken 2011 to supplant Microsoft's MS Money Premier PLus for which Microsoft has discontinued it's update service.  I have a lot of investments and I read lots of reviews and followed everyone's suggestions for a good conversion.  Quicken is not capable of a good MS conversion.  So, I have to start fresh. I find it does everything "in reverse" of MS Money. Be warned.
Worthless --- No support, waste of time to even attempt to use it... There are better freeware software that work, really work without any hassle...
Can't somebody come up with something better than this slow bloated piece of crap.  I mean its ridiculous, if you have nothing to do but waste your time buy this,  Whoever made their fortune selling this waste of time should be put in jail for wasting our time and our lives,  Go get a pencil, a pencil sharpener and some ledger books.  Nothing works on this I mean nothing, it starts at install and just keeps getting worse.
THIS PROGRAM IS A WASTE OF TIME AND YOUR LIFE.  SOMEBODY HAS TO COME UP WITH SOMETHING BETTER BECAUSE IF THIS IS ALL THIS COUNTRY HAS FOR ACCOUNTING SOFTWARE, WE HAVE TO BE THE DUMBEST PEOPLE ON EARTY

Topic 3: version 0.12302 quicken 0.08804 mac 0.05501 windows 0.04011 pc 0.01597 old 0.01592 2015 0.01582 versions 0.01517 2007 0.01431 new 0.01373
 How Many: 26822
If you are a PC user thinking about switching to a MAC who relies upon Quicken then you need to understand that there is no Quicken equivalent for the MAC at this time.

Intuit is not very friendly towards the MAC community. Most of their products barely contain any of the features in their PC equivalent besides being several years behind in development.

Quicken essentials is an example of that.

Quicken 2007 was the last feature rich program produced. The problem is Quicken 2007 was written for the PowerPC Chip which Mac moved from. Quicken Essentials was re-written from the ground up but left out about 90% of the features found in Quicken 2007 let alone the fact Quicken 2007 was already missing features in its PC twin. Most have stuck with the five year old program as Rosetta which was included in 10.6 emulated the PowerPC chip on an Intel based MAC but UNFORTUNATELY Rosetta was dropped from 10.7 forward making Quicken 2007 obsolete if you upgrade your OS.

Do not buy Quicken Essentials. It is graphically pretty but lacks any features that you cannot already find just logging on your banks website.

1) Partition your computer into two drives. Install OS 10.6 on one drive and 10.7 on the other. Install Quicken 2007 on the 10.6 Drive.

2) Use iBank or MoneyDance
I am a recent convert to Macs after being a PC only user and have had several years of experience with the PC Quicken version.  When I converted to Mac's I thought I would purchase the Quicken version for Mac.  Unfortunately, this software is totally different than the PC version.  I was extremely dissapointed.  First, the user interface is absolutely horrible.  In the PC version, all accounts are listed to the left and are separated in different categories.  In the Mac version, they are not. Also, while the PC version is pretty user friendly, this one is difinitely not.  I have tried both Quicken for PC and MSMoney - Quicken PC is by far superior to MS Money, and Quicken for Mac is just pure aweful. An absolute waste of money (I got a refund for mine).  What I ended up doing is loading Quicken for PC on my Mac through Parellels, and then run it in XP.  I wish I could get a Quicken version for Mac that will run in native Mac OS since it is much superior to XP.  However, until they develop one, I am resigned to using Parellels.
Hi,

I'm writing this to let everyone out there who is trying to convert their old Quicken 2004 or other older Quicken files to Mac's new Lion OS system. I just went through the journey and here's what I found that worked for me:

First the good news, Intuit has decided to support us old Quicken users in the new Lion OS system thus negating the need to buy the inferior Quicken Essentials program. Strangely, it is not available yet through amazon. You can buy it at: [...]

The bad news is that for anyone still running Quicken 2004, which I was, you will find it cannot be converted to the 2007 Quicken, apparently it's too old and not supported. I figured out how to solve the problem on my own after a couple hours. I'm disappointed that Intuit's technical team was not able to help me itself after my inquiries to them and I was left to fend for myself. If I had not already bought Quicken 2007 for the Mac, I would have switched to another financial program, but I digress... anyways, here's that solution ...

How Mac users with Quicken 2004 can convert their files to Quicken 2007 for Mac OS Lion:

Step 1. Requires that you have a Mac available that's not already using Lion's OS system yet, (i.e. before 10.8). You may need to borrow a friend's, which is what I did. Transfer the old Quicken 2004 file you need to convert to that machine running the old OS system.

Step 2. Go to [...] and download the update for Quicken 2005 to the Mac running the older OS system.

Step 3. After installing the program open your file in Quicken 2005 for the Mac.

Step 4. Transfer this new Quicken 2005 file to your Mac running the new Lion's OS system. You can now open the file in Quicken 2007 for Mac's Lion OS.

Hope this cuts the time for anyone looking for solutions to the above problems.
Had to use this version of Quicken when I upgraded to Lion.  It totally sucks compared to Quicken for Mac which runs on earlier versions of OSX.  Can't generate reports like I used to and this is very important to me.  The file transfer was full of flaws as well, so it took me hours to get it right.  Had to call Quicken and they sent me a newer version which translated much better but still not perfect.  Can't wait until they come out with a full-featured version that works on Lion.

UPDATE 6/30/12:  Intuit came out with a new version of Quicken 7 that works with Lion.  Bought it, love it.  But they really screwed me royally because you can't convert Quicken Essential files to the new Quicken 7.  So now I lost all my financial data from 1992 to 20012, and I'm starting all over.  If I had waited 3 months for this version to come out, I could have converted my older Quicken 7 to the new Quicken 7 and lost nothing.  But my old Mac died and I had to upgrade.  Quicken really let me down with this shenanigans.
Quicken For Mac 2016 is a very simplistic version of Quicken.  I have been using the Windows version for many years on my Mac using Parallels.  I thought I would transfer over to the Mac version.  No go.  It just does not have the features that I like.  Those features it does have seem to work in a wonky way.  I just requested a refund from Quicken during the 60-Day window.  Back to Quicken for Windows for me!  Pity.
I have happily used the Windows version of Quicken for over 15 years.  Recently, I switched to a Mac and decided to give Quicken for Mac 2015 a try.  What a mistake.  This version is a poor substitute for the Windows version.  Many of the features that have been in the Windows version for some time are missing in this version.  Unless you need a only a very basic checkbook function, run the Windows version under a Windows partition instead of buying this one.
Dear Quicken or whoever owns the company now.  To make the Mac version of this software acceptable all the programmers have to do is make it like the Windows version.  Don't try to create something new.  You have the perfect model.  I have been on board since Windows and through each Mac version.  But now I, like so many others, have moved to the Mac platform and would like to take this program with me.  2016 is an inferior version of the Windows version in many ways, all the Mac versions have been.  For those on the Windows version - you will be disappointed if you move to this Mac version, it has fewer features than the Windows version and has a less professional toy-like feel.  It is usable, mostly, but frustrating in many ways.  I only upgraded to 2016 after continuous crashes of the 2015 version on a newer MacBook Pro.  I have refused to try to run the Windows version on my Mac or on a separate PC since abandoning the PC platform and have instead been waiting for Intuit to correct this program for the Mac once and for all.
I have been using Quicken for Windows via Parallels for several years.  Quicken 2016 for MAC is a feeble attempt to duplicate the Widows version for a MAC.  It just does not work the same.  There are just too many functions missing to list here.  Suffice it to say, I am staying with Windows 2015 for Windows. If you have been using the Windows version, stay with it, I was disappointed in Quicken 2016 for MAC and the only ones who may like are those folks who use only Quicken Essentials.
Don't even think about this version if you are a user of Money or Quicken for Windows.  I had to switch to Quicken due to the death of MS Money (discontinued).  If you use a Mac, simply get a copy of VMFusion.  This allows you to run Windows software inside the Mac.  Then install the Windows version of Quicken 2010 or later.  This solution works perfectly for me and many other users.  This version for Mac is simply not "ready for prime-time" -- perhaps next year the Mac version will be finished, but this version is really just a very limited function beta test of a upcoming version.

There are several software products that simply do not have an adequate Mac version yet. Quicken is one, Optical Character Recognition and Voice Recognition software are two others.  Running a virtual Windows machine inside of the Mac interface solves these problems.  Check out VMFusion and Parallels, both excellent programs that provide Windows functionality inside your Mac OS.

BTW, I was able to import 11 years of MS Money data into Quicken 2010 (Windows version) without any problems.  I find Quicken 2010 for Windows superior to the MS Money I used for the past decade.  And I run it inside my Mac (OSX 10.6) using VMFusion.
I have used Windows Quicken for over a decade and love it. Having moved to an intel iMAC, I purchased the Quicken 2007 MAC version. Don't make the same mistake!

#1 It does not transfer data between to two versions easily or well. For example, my MAC version does not display my investment portfolio correctly - seriously wrong!

#2 The interface for the MAC version is miserably designed versus the Windows version.

#3 The MAC version is like Quicken Lite - its missing a huge portion of the Windows version's features.

I have Bootcamp on my MAC and will be continuing to use my Windows Quicken 2006. I hope to sell the MAC 2007 version, but who would want to buy it at near my purchase price?

Topic 4: recommend 0.03822 hate 0.02663 anymore 0.01852 garbage 0.01565 glitches 0.00774 beta 0.0071 couldn 0.00639 highly 0.00494 family 0.00438 eliminated 0.0034
 How Many: 26822
Don't be fooled. This isn't software, it isn't a book of tax advice, it may not be worth what you pay for it. This is literally a folder with a velcro seal and several tabbed sections inside for you to store tax receipts and other records. Also included in the package is a very brief pamphlet of common tax tips. There are also small labels you can attach to each of the tabbed sections.
  In most respects, this product is nothing more than manilla folders with a handful of labels you can apply yourself. The tax guide pamphlet is way too small to be of much use to anyone who has done their own personal income taxes once before. If you want tax advice or tips, buy one of the books specifically written for that, or get the free publications published by the IRS which are available online and often included in most "deluxe" tax preparation software.
  The folder and the tabbed sections are plastic coated but other than that it is hard to find much value-added from this product over your own folders and/or shoebox.
Don't be fooled. This isn't software, it isn't a book of tax advice, it may not be worth what you pay for it. This is literally a folder with a velcro seal and several tabbed sections inside for you to store tax receipts and other records. Also included in the package is a very brief pamphlet of common tax tips. There are also small labels you can attach to each of the tabbed sections.
  In most respects, this product is nothing more than manilla folders with a handful of labels you can apply yourself. The tax guide pamphlet is way too small to be of much use to anyone who has done their own personal income taxes once before. If you want tax advice or tips, buy one of the books specifically written for that, or get the free publications published by the IRS which are available online and often included in most "deluxe" tax preparation software.
  The folder and the tabbed sections are plastic coated but other than that it is hard to find much value-added from this product over your own folders and/or shoebox.
Turbo Thief"
I have been a TT user for 15 years and a beta tester several times. The product itself is pretty good but the greed at Intuit is unbearable. In 2005, TT eliminated the free e-file coupon and raised the price. Now in 2008, TT again raises the price, charges for 1 e-file (weather you use it or not) and limits the number of returns to only 1. At half the current price, the product would be expensive. Now the cost is outright obscene. I couldn't possibly recommend TurboTax anymore.

I have read all the negative recommendations and blog posts here on Amazon and think "Larry" sums them all up.. "A name change is in order for this product now. It should be called 'Turbo-Thievery'."
"Turbo Thief"
I have been a TT user for 15 years and a beta tester several times.  The product itself is pretty good but the greed at Intuit is unbearable. In 2005, TT eliminated the free e-file coupon and raised the price. Now in 2008, TT again raises the price, charges for 1 e-file (weather you use it or not) and limits the number of returns to only 1. At half the current price, the product would be expensive. Now the cost is outright obscene. I couldn't possibly recommend TurboTax anymore.

I have read all the negative recommendations and blog posts here on Amazon and think Larry sums them all up..  "A name change is in order for this product now. It should be called 'Turbo-Thievery'."
Turbo Thief"
I have been a TT user for 15 years and a beta tester several times. The product itself is pretty good but the greed at Intuit is unbearable. In 2005, TT eliminated the free e-file coupon and raised the price. Now in 2008, TT again raises the price, charges for 1 e-file (weather you use it or not) and limits the number of returns to only 1. At half the current price, the product would be expensive. Now the cost is outright obscene. I couldn't possibly recommend TurboTax anymore.

I have read all the negative recommendations and blog posts here on Amazon and think "Larry" sums them all up.. "A name change is in order for this product now. It should be called 'Turbo-Thievery'."
Turbo Thief"
I have been a TT user for 15 years and a beta tester several times. The product itself is pretty good but the greed at Intuit is unbearable. In 2005, TT eliminated the free e-file coupon and raised the price. Now in 2008, TT again raises the price, charges for 1 e-file (weather you use it or not) and limits the number of returns to only 1. At half the current price, the product would be expensive. Now the cost is outright obscene. I couldn't possibly recommend TurboTax anymore.

I have read all the negative recommendations and blog posts here on Amazon and think "Larry" sums them all up.. "A name change is in order for this product now. It should be called 'Turbo-Thievery'."
Garbage!
One word says it all, I don't need 19 more to say it's garbage, garbage, garbage, garbage, garbage, garbage!
I loath dealing with medical bills -- trying to reconcile medical bills that may or may not have insurance payments credited, figuring out deductibles, etc. I usually ignore the bills 'til the pile gets too big just because I hate doing it. And I freely admit that doing any sort of math makes my head want to explode.

So I thought this program was the answer. It really could have been, if Intuit would listen to feedback and would give it attention. But as willing as they are to provide email assistance, they never fix the problems, just give workarounds.

In many ways, it works OK. You wait for your insurance EOBs (claims processing reports) to arrive, and then fill in the blanks, then pay your medical bills based on what the EOB information was. Once you figure out how to enter your deductible limits, that is. And therein is one of the problems.

There are limits to what it will allow you to enter. For example, my insurance provider calculates individual deductibles toward individual limits. When 3 people in the family meet their individual limits, the family deductible is considered met. That's fine. But this software has no way to tweak this type of limit (it just calculates the amount paid toward deductibles by ALL family members), thereby making the reports on family deductibles somewhat unhelpful and useless. That's just one issue -- and I'm no programmer, but can that be so hard to adjust? And heaven forbid you have a payment that is not part of the deductible -- they sent me a workaround for this problem that still has my head spinning.

I agree with the other reviewers that it's slow -- it sometimes just loads one 2 inch square area for a few seconds before the page appears when it's loading. And I have a new fast computer.

After several years on the market, I think it's unconscionable that they haven't streamlined this product. I can't be the only one who has left them feedback of this sort, but they haven't updated this software for a LONG time. Based on the ratings for other Intuit Quicken products, it may not be a problem with just this product.
I got this garbage free but I wish I would have bought Taxcut. Intuit obviously has a lot of stock in ink munufacturers. For every return, it prints so-called worksheets that it recommends your keep. These worksheets add up to about 15 pages of unneeded printings. Ink aint free!! They should atleast have some way of disabling this option. I hate TurboTax!!!!
I got this garbage free but I wish I would have bought Taxcut. Intuit obviously has a lot of stock in ink munufacturers. For every return, it prints so-called worksheets that it recommends your keep. These worksheets add up to about 15 pages of unneeded printings. Ink aint free!! They should atleast have some way of disabling this option. I hate TurboTax!!!!

Topic 5: buggy 0.03561 disappointing 0.01636 impressed 0.00545 leaves 0.00541 ad 0.00344 unusable 0.00271 replaced 0.00271 desired 0.00249 tons 0.00235 awesome 0.0014
 How Many: 26822
Last night - Feb 08 while watching the Grammys - I watched a brilliant, funny, Hollywood-scale production of a TV ad for TurboTax. The TV Ad depicted the Boston Tea Party. Colonists who had apparently commandeered a British supply ship were throwing wooden crates of tea overboard into Boston Harbor. British soldiers were down below in their life boats - who had apparently abandoned their supply ship. The colonists were yelling about Taxation as they tossed the crates of tea. From their life boats, the British yelled up to the Colonists "Well, what if we let you file your taxes for FREE?" This was a welcome idea to the colonists. "FREE?" - the Colonists stop revolting.  ...Cut to a bloody field battle between British soldiers and men and women Colonists - "FREE?" - they suddenly stop fighting.  ...Cut to George Washington and his troops crossing the Delaware in their rowboats. Washington, in his full General's uniform: "FREE?" - Washington orders his troops to "Back Up!" This TV Ad was Brilliant! Funny! Original! A Hollywood Production! It aired SEVERAL times during the Grammys - a prime time extravaganza. I am now CONVINCED that I will find another alternative to TurboTax. I am not willing to pay for this entertainment through the high-priced product that Intuit is now pushing on me. "FREE?" Nothing is free - including Hollywood productions.
Q was my ATF. We went back a long ways. I used Q for everything. Recommended Q to everyone. Refused any financial services suitor that didn't support Q. Was always first in line with $$ for Q's latest and newest October outfit. And even though a Mac convert, just for Q, I kept one last Windows, despite the pain and humiliation of being so retro.

Yet Q had changed, and not for the better: sullen, arrogant, buggy, unresponsive, prone to freezes, narcissistic, fat, the Miss Havisham of PFS's.

Still, we had stayed together, just for the datums: 15 years of history with nowhere else to go, locked in a loveless codependency, sealed by OCD.

Young mobile devices and their nubile clouds had seduced me into flirting with others: Yodlee, SigFig, PersonalCapital dot com. I even considered cheating with Q's younger step sibling, Mint dot com, that, incredibly, couldn't even speak Q.

When I heard Q13 was going mobile and cloud, my heart leapt! Finally! Mobile! And cloud! Maybe even freedom from the Windows boat anchor! I vowed to renounce my selfish flirtations and re-embrace Q......if only.

It was all for naught, the intuitions again came True to form, nothing had really changed: R1 did not work, nor R2, or R3. Q13 in desperation even broke the code of silence and began to proactively (!) email users, pleading to be patient ..... if they could only make it work. Oh, the intestability of it!

R4 failed, then R5; in rapid succession Q13 desperately shipped major fix releases at rates not seen in a generation. Even an R6. And then an R7!

Too late! My heart was broken! Under the slick marketing veneer of mobility and nubile cloud, I realized Q13 was the same old Miss Havisham of PFS's: arrogant, buggy, narcissistic, fat; a mere tease that would never deliver.

Its over Q, and I mean it this time, really!. My only conundrum is the datums, 15 years of datums with Q.

I think I shall orphan them, the pain is too unbearable.
Pros:
A fairly polished and comprehensive tax software
Web-based means it has all the obvious advantages of a SAAS/Cloud service

Cons:
- Surprisingly buggy. Several instances where I got stuck in loops... like telling me to fix the same thing no matter how many times I fixed it. In the end I was unable to file my taxes because of very small entry problems that it simply would not let me fix. It ignored me every time I tried.
- You cannot edit forms directly if you need to fix something. You have to go back through the interview from the beginning.

Summary: Comprehensive and polished, but frustratingly buggy.
Pros:
A fairly polished and comprehensive tax software
Web-based means it has all the obvious advantages of a Cloud service

Cons:
- Surprisingly buggy. Several instances where I got stuck in loops... like telling me to fix the same thing no matter how many times I fixed it. In the end I was unable to file my taxes because of very small entry problems that it simply would not let me fix. It ignored me every time I tried... yet dutifully looped me back to fix it again.
- I was surprised that about half of the import options failed including the import from Mint. (Intuit owns Mint)
- You cannot edit forms directly if you need to fix something. You have to go back through the interview from the beginning.

Summary: Comprehensive and polished, but frustratingly buggy.
Q14 will not display properly on a MBPro retina running win7 under parallels.  Very disappointing as I have owned quicken since 1992.  Didn't have this problem with Q13
Buggy.

Buggy.

Buggy.
Please delete the previous review.

Mary Had a little lamb Its fleece was white as snow
And everywhere that Mary went the lamb was sure to go.
This product has great potential but nothing more.
It's basic to say the least and while the project management and notes-keeping capabilities are useful if you don't want something at the other end of the scale like Act! or Maximizer, it's probably going to serve your needs if you're running an even moderately busy business.
I bought Customer Manager because I found everything else I tried (see above) to be overkill and frankly cumbersome. Customer Manager seemed to be (from the product information on Intuit's site) exactly what I was looking for, a lightweight contacts database with the awesome bonus of synchronising with Quickbooks.
The reality is that the database leaves much to be desired as far as organising contacts and my version of Quickbooks Pro 2003 does NOT synchronise with it because it's the Canadian version. Intuit's Web Site still does not specify that only the US versions of Quickbooks are compatible and I have never even had the courtesy of a reply from Intuit about it, despite three very polite requests for an update.
This product has great potential but nothing more.
It's basic to say the least and while the project management and notes-keeping capabilities are useful if you don't want something at the other end of the scale like Act! or Maximizer, it's probably going to serve your needs if you're running an even moderately busy business.
I bought Customer Manager because I found everything else I tried (see above) to be overkill and frankly cumbersome. Customer Manager seemed to be (from the product information on Intuit's site) exactly what I was looking for, a lightweight contacts database with the awesome bonus of synchronising with Quickbooks.
The reality is that the database leaves much to be desired as far as organising contacts and my version of Quickbooks Pro 2003 does NOT synchronise with it because it's the Canadian version. Intuit's Web Site still does not specify that only the US versions of Quickbooks are compatible and I have never even had the courtesy of a reply from Intuit about it, despite three very polite requests for an update.
I have been a Quicken user since Quicken 3 for DOS, i.e. since about 1992. I was even a beta tester for Intuit, a great fan of their products. Well, my opinion has changed. Citing some sort of security and consistency concerns, Intuit has decided to remove support for QIF files. If you know what these are, don't even think about buying QN05. If you don't know what QIF files are and if you don't have an earlier copy of QN, you can probably go ahead and buy Quicken 2005.

QIF files are external files that can be imported into QN. Banks and brokers send them to summarize transactions. In my case, I have about 20 401k investment transactions monthly that I used to import using QN01. Now I have to tediously type in all the data: security, price, shares, ad nauseum.

Kicker is that I can't even go back to QN01 because the files have been updated to a new format. This really ticks me off.

Jeff Roughgarden, Ph. D., Microsoft Certified Developer and Database Administrator

Topic 6: intuit 0.05638 years 0.04078 upgrade 0.03178 ve 0.02132 year 0.01642 like 0.01534 just 0.01507 software 0.0136 reviews 0.01209 customers 0.01178
 How Many: 26822
I'm yet another long-time (15+ years) TurboTax Deluxe user that's making the switch to H&R Block this year (it's already in my cart). I'm just glad that I noticed all the low reviews and took the time to read them before buying. This is just a case of blatant corporate greed, pure and simple. Intuit has shown a lack of appreciation for their loyal customers in past years also but this one goes too far. The VP says they aren't crippling the Deluxe version and forcing those that may need schedules C, D, or E (formerly supported by Deluxe) to upgrade to Premier to increase revenue, but instead, it's for better compatibility with their online versions. If that's truly the case, the obvious solution should have been to design the appropriate compatibility into the online versions from the get-go.

I no longer consider this to be the "Deluxe" version of the software without support for these omitted schedules, which I need and have always been supported in the past. It's more the minimal "Basic" version now, if that. They're trying to arm-twist us into upgrading and getting locked in to Premier going forward... sleazy tactics that don't deserve to be rewarded with our business. You can bet that knowing how many people use each of their products and which forms, they've done calculations that indicate they will come out ahead (they think) by making this move, even if they lose customers. Let's prove them wrong by not giving them our business. I'm making the switch this year and encourage anyone reading this to do the same. Another unhappy customer saying to TurboTax / Intuit - Bye, bye...
As has been posted by many others, TurboTax Deluxe no longer supports step-by-step data entry mode or e-filing of Schedules C, D, E, F, and K-1. Instead of simply and modestly increasing the price of Deluxe, which most users would accept, Intuit has instead quietly decreased important functionality of Deluxe, requiring an upgrade to Premiere to regain the missing functions. The need for the upgrade may not be apparent until much of a return has already been prepared, creating a strong-arm incentive for the user to spend another $20 for the upgrade. I, like other long-time users, am appalled at Intuit's marketing strategy, and have decided to vote with my wallet. TurboTax has lost a loyal, long-time (20+ years) user, and H&R Block has gained a new customer. So far, I like H&R Block's product, and suggest that others who are similarly dismayed with Intuit's tactics give it a try.
I have been a loyal TurboTax customer since sometime in the 90's (I threw away the floppy disks a long time ago, and I don't  recall the earliest date, but it's been a long time.)  I am angry about the deliberate disabling of critical features in TurboTax Deluxe.  No Schedules C, D, or E.  In the past, the product was functional, even though the "Premier" version provided more help and guidance.  That was extra functionality and if you needed it you could buy it.  But in Deluxe you got the forms, the basic help info, the IRS docs, the final review checking, printing, and e-filing.  So if you knew what a schedule C or D was (it's not that hard) you could file your taxes.

Now in the name of "consistency" this has been taken away, and if I want to file my taxes using TurboTax I need to buy something almost twice as expensive.  I have read the words about how Intuit labored over the vital need to be "consistent" and yes indeed after their stressful labors they did indeed cripple the product and they will try to force people to buy the much more expensive version.  Please be honest -- just step up and say you decided to charge a lot more money.  Instead the official Intuit response sounds like we're supposed to feel sorry for how difficult it was for them to decide to raise the price.

Raising the price is something I would object to but it's just a price increase.  It's the disingenuous explanation that shows such contempt for the intelligence of customers which prompts me to give a one star rating, only because it's not possible to give zero stars.

Intuit used to be known for making products that pleased customers and surprised them -- in a positive way.  It's sad to see the company's current attitude.

**UPDATE -- IT'S EVEN WORSE** OK, I'm angry but I need to do a draft of my taxes for planning purposes prior to year end.  So I bit my lip and looked at ordering the Premier version.  Even in the high-priced Premier version, Schedule C is crippled -- limited to $100 of deductions in a couple of expense categories.  I.e. only good for a tiny hobby business, and maybe not even that.  So now having forced me to Premier, even that high priced product is useless to me.  Intuit, what is wrong with you people?

Everyone who reads this:  Maybe you will have to buy the product in order to avoid the trouble of converting to another product.  But even if you decide to buy it, please take the time to register a negative review here or at other product review sties.  You don't have to write as long a review as I did -- just a couple of sentences and click on 1-star.  Even if you have a rational reason for giving in to Intuit's extortion, maybe the negative reviews will cause other customers to choose other products.  Maybe someday Intuit will be forced to care about customers.
I have been a loyal TurboTax customer since sometime in the 90's (I threw away the floppy disks a long time ago, and I don't recall the earliest date, but it's been a long time.) I am angry about the deliberate disabling of critical features in TurboTax Deluxe. No Schedules C, D, or E. In the past, the product was functional, even though the "Premier" version provided more help and guidance. That was extra functionality and if you needed it you could buy it. But in Deluxe you got the forms, the basic help info, the IRS docs, the final review checking, printing, and e-filing. So if you knew what a schedule C or D was (it's not that hard) you could file your taxes.

Now in the name of "consistency" this has been taken away, and if I want to file my taxes using TurboTax I need to buy something almost twice as expensive. I have read the words about how Intuit labored over the vital need to be "consistent" and yes indeed after their stressful labors they did indeed cripple the product and they will try to force people to buy the much more expensive version. Please be honest -- just step up and say you decided to charge a lot more money. Instead the official Intuit response sounds like we're supposed to feel sorry for how difficult it was for them to decide to raise the price.

Raising the price is something I would object to but it's just a price increase. It's the disingenuous explanation that shows such contempt for the intelligence of customers which prompts me to give a one star rating, only because it's not possible to give zero stars.

Intuit used to be known for making products that pleased customers and surprised them -- in a positive way. It's sad to see the company's current attitude.

**UPDATE -- IT'S EVEN WORSE** OK, I'm angry but I need to do a draft of my taxes for planning purposes prior to year end. So I bit my lip and looked at ordering the Premier version. Even in the high-priced Premier version, Schedule C is crippled -- limited to $100 of deductions in a couple of expense categories. I.e. only good for a tiny hobby business, and maybe not even that. So now having forced me to Premier, even that high priced product is useless to me. Intuit, what is wrong with you people?

Everyone who reads this: Maybe you will have to buy the product in order to avoid the trouble of converting to another product. But even if you decide to buy it, please take the time to register a negative review here or at other product review sties. You don't have to write as long a review as I did -- just a couple of sentences and click on 1-star. Even if you have a rational reason for giving in to Intuit's extortion, maybe the negative reviews will cause other customers to choose other products. Maybe someday Intuit will be forced to care about customers.
Help other cus
I too fell prey to the way that Intuit decided to do a price upgrade.  I don't care what they say about "consistency" or that they did " transparency", this was a price upgrade pure and simple.  If they had intended the same functionality, they should have actually raised the price of Deluxe and left the functionality alone.  I have used Turbotax for over 10 years, and the way I ordered it, is that I look and see what I ordered last year, and order the same.  For a product that you use consistently, this makes sense.  Intuit's response was that they were "transparent" in their wording on the box.  Who reads the box when they order online?  And if you've used the product consistently for over 10 years, why would you assume that the functionality would have changed.

Shame on you, Intuit!  I would never have considered going to a competitor before, but this year I'm using H&R Block tax software.

Intuit had the market, but I'm afraid they just blew it.

As Forbes magazine put it:  "Maybe some day this will make for a Harvard case study in how not to put through a price increase?".
Like many I purchased the 2014 Deluxe Edition just as I'd done for many years.  I was shocked to see that intuit pulled the rug out in what seems like an attempt to hide a price increase.  Why mess with success?  If it ain't broke?  Why not be honest and upfront and simply raise the price and then introduce a lower price product between the most basic version and the deluxe version?  Whose great idea was this?

The approach taken by intuit cost me time and money.  In my case it cost intuit a long time customer who brought many friends into Intuit's fold.
I gave up writing Amazon reviews long ago, but I felt compelled to weigh in. First, thank you to all the one star reviewers who alerted everybody to the recent change. I would have just bought the Deluxe version like I have every year. Instead, Intuit has crippled its own product so it no longer features Schedule D (among other features). This isn't a cost savings measure because all they are doing is crippling a bunch of features that have ALWAYS been part of the product. This is a price increase. A dramatic price increase. A sneaky, cowardly price increase under the guise of "consistency."
I'm completely satisfied, as I have been for 20+ years, with the performance of Turbotax as a program, and have had no functional problems with Turbotax Premier itself for 2014.  But I am utterly fed up with the Intuit business model that disdains its customers and forces them into "upgrades" they don't really want and shouldn't really need just to maximize profits.  This was an especially egregious example: forcing customers from Deluxe to Premier in order to get the investments functionality, after having this functionality built into the lower-price Deluxe version for many, many years.  I was particularly put off with Intuit's after-the-fact justification, using a pathetic argument about making its products "consistent."  The whole process was done in a sleazy fashion, with no clear warning (aside from the tidal wave of negative Amazon reviews) that Deluxe was being downgraded.  I got a $20 discount for Premier for being an Amazon Prime member; otherwise I certainly would have bitten the bullet and tried an alternative vendor, as I did several years ago when I finally got rid of Quicken (in favor of SEE Finance for MAC, which works fine) because of disgust with Intuit's customer policies.  This really leaves a bad taste in my mouth, and it is certain that I will never be an Intuit customer again after this year.
I am so glad to hear a loud chorus of dissatisfaction with Intuit because I have NEVER once (in 20 years as a customer) had a good customer service experience with Intuit products.  They are the consummate example of how a monopoly is not good for anyone--including the company who holds the monopoly.  It has been good in recent years to see H&R Block at least provide some competition to Intuit in the tax preparation software arena.  I switched to H&R Block software just as a personal protest to the years of crappy customer service and shenanigans like what Intuit has done this year with their "DELUXE" version.  On the money management side of the ledger (with Quicken and QuickBooks) they have gotten away with disgusting practices for years by forcing users to buy a new product by causing an older (and working) version to expire.  I know this has become a fairly common practice among software vendors (including Microsoft), but that doesn't make it right.  In my opinion, Intuit deserves the negative reviews more than any other software company.  I'd like to see their monopoly in the market come to an end--the sooner, the better.
Everyone!  Don't you know that Intuit/TurboTax folks are LAUGHING their heads off at everyone here?  Especially all of us who say "We're no longer going to buy TurboTax!"
The attitude Intuit has shown over the years (I've stopped buying Quicken since 99 and Quickbooks since 2000) is this:  "We're BIG.  We don't care if we lose a few customers and belly-achers.  Remember, we're BIG!  Why we will NOT even notice if a few hundred or thousands stop buying ANY Intuit products.  All these are INSIGNIFICANT!  We have many loyal customers, and they keep coming back year after year for every upgrade we can roll out.  In fact, the more we get rid of these C-dilla  complainers, the better!  Don't these people know that we're BIG?  B-I-G  big!  We OWN the personal finance and tax filing business.  Who are these stupid people going to go to?  TaxCut? Hah!  TaxAct? Hah!  Small-time operators they all are!  We are Intuit!  Even the US government and IRS kowtow to us.  Have we mentioned that we're also BIG?  We just could not care any less.  If you want to be a Intuit product user, then YOU HAVE TO DO WHAT WE WANT!  Say what?  Well, you go somewhere else, see if we care!  Hey, we're BIG, we don't care.  What is one customer to us... it means we don't have to bother with you that's what!"
Yes, Intuit is really big.  The ONLY way to catch their attention is to shut the revenue stream big time.  But folks, I doubt our numbers will be large enough to even cause a change that will be considered above "noise".  I expect the TurboTax filers are in the millions (there's the website TurboTax filers too), so even if there are 100 thousands of us, it really would not mean much.
What?  Do you think anyone reads the email feedback you've sent to them?  Have you lost your mind?  All they do is Select-All, followed by Delete.  Why do they do this? Because it does NOT make them any money.  It is a way to cover their bases and make customers believe that Intuit is listening.
Anyone with ideas please step up and give us a truly EFFECTIVE way of catching Intuit's attention! The customer support needs to improve

Topic 7: thanks 0.02306 ok 0.01797 thank 0.01541 sorry 0.01366 cpa 0.01257 bring 0.00464 lousy 0.0046 coming 0.00426 im 0.00423 ive 0.00387
 How Many: 26822
Turbo tax error created around $740 less.

During filing, Turbo tax(TT) stated that i am not qualified for Homestead credit. So i searched state website and found below;
****************
You may claim a property tax credit if all of the following apply:

Your homestead is in Michigan
You were a resident of Michigan for at least six months during the year.
You own/rent and occupy a Michigan homestead on which property taxes were levied.
Your household income is less than $82,650
***************

I met all requirement so i contacted TT and below is the conversation;

I do NOT know how they can guaratee 100% accurate calculation

>>>>

Please wait while we find an agent to assist you...
You have been connected to 07_A. Blitz, CPA.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Hi Sun, I'm here to help you today. Just give me a moment to read your question.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: it appears you are wondering if you qualify for the michigan homestead credit, correct?
Sun Mok: yes
Sun Mok: I think your software has incorrect info.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok, and you stated that you lived in MI for over 6 months?
Sun Mok: ###days. 6/## -##/31
Sun Mok: ###
Sun Mok: why numbers shows error?
Sun Mok: one hundred eighty seven days. from june twenty senven
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Please do not worry about retyping the numbers. Due to security precautions, all numeric values are obfuscated (i.e. xx\xx\xxxx) for everyone except the agent, in this case, me. I can see them fine, on my end, so no reason to re-enter on your part.
Sun Mok: okay
07_A. Blitz, CPA: and im assuming you made less then 83k?
Sun Mok: yes
07_A. Blitz, CPA: and you rent or you own?
Sun Mok: i bought current house june ####
Sun Mok: So i own
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok...give me a moment as I try this on my computer.
Sun Mok: thanks
07_A. Blitz, CPA: this is the notice you got "You do not qualify for the Michigan Homestead Property Tax credit because you did not live in Michigan for at least 6 months."
Sun Mok: i got that noitce too
Sun Mok: isn't that error?
Sun Mok: I lived more than 6 months.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: well July -Dec is six months...so that appears inorrect...
07_A. Blitz, CPA: give me a moment
Sun Mok: i even tried to enter ### days and got same answer
07_A. Blitz, CPA: yeah...I did the same thing...
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Im looking into this...
Sun Mok: thanks
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Sorry, I need another couple minutes...
Sun Mok: ok
07_A. Blitz, CPA: What is your filing status? Single?
Sun Mok: married
Sun Mok: do you want to take a look at my account?
Sun Mok: my id is mok####
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok...and you didn't by chance sell a previous residence in 2011, did you?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I do not need to review you file...
Sun Mok: what do you mean by sell a previouse redidence?
Sun Mok: I used to live apartment and bought house at hune ####
Sun Mok: june ####
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok, so you didn't own your old house,.
Sun Mok: correct
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: and Im assuming you don't collect social security income or child support.
Sun Mok: no
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok...this seems pretty basic that you should qualify...
Sun Mok: i think the TT has bug in the program
Sun Mok: maybe not?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: yeah...wow...my only expectation here is the following..
07_A. Blitz, CPA: On the form calculating the credit, it may be annualliazing your income - and therefore calculating over 82k.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: But that doesnt make any sense...and the error states because you did not live in the state for 6 months...
Sun Mok: so what should we do now?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: im assuming you haven't purchased your return yet, correct?
Sun Mok: purchase my returned? what do you mean?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: have you paid for the turbotax software?
Sun Mok: no not yet.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok...if you were to purchase the return, we could see how the forms are calculating.
Sun Mok: I could've been file last night and thank God that i am waiting one more day to file
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Its my best guess that your income is being annualized therefore going over the 82k household income mark.
Sun Mok: What is annualized? my income is not over 82K
07_A. Blitz, CPA: without being able to view the forms...there is not much else, I can do...to me it sounds liek you completed the form appropriatly.
Sun Mok: does TT has any tech support team for checking software error / code?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: in understand, but based on the fact that you earned 60K during the year and only lived in MI for 6 months - they annualize the 60k as if you lived in MI the entire year...IE. your 60k of income would be 120 of income in MI.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Its an insane calculation if you ask me ...
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I will bring this issue to my managers attention.
Sun Mok: can you do it now? i can wait but i can't postpone the filing anymore
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I apologize, my manager is out for the day...but I will let her know about the issue ASAP.
Sun Mok: i should not only me, i believe there are many others may already filed without knowing this issue.
Sun Mok: and How i can trust TT calculate my tax correctly?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I agree...I am currently reviewing the TurboTax live community to determine if others are having this issue...and the response above is the issue that other people are coming up with as the reason for the disallowance of the credit.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: TurboTax guarentees its calculations.
The agent is sending you to [...]
Sun Mok: then how they are going to guarantee the issue that i brought up?
Sun Mok: is it considered to be correct calculation?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I am sorry that I can not assist you any further.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Without seeing the calculation on the form. I cant explain anything furth.
Sun Mok: so what do you want me to do ? do you want to to file as is so that you can take a look at?
Sun Mok: do you want me to file as is so that you can take a look at?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: you could either pay for the return and we can review the return...or you can go forward and file without the credit.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: As a note...not that this would make any difference...but the credit is very small.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I want to lastly confirm that you are not a student, correct?
Sun Mok: no credit is not small.
Sun Mok: the current return vs with credit was around $###
Sun Mok: seven hundred and forty dollar.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: that seems reallllllllly high!!!!
Sun Mok: i am not a student
07_A. Blitz, CPA: ok, thanks
Sun Mok: thanks for understanding.
Sun Mok: I need to post this to Amazon and Youtube to share
Sun Mok: I hope this can make the fix work faster.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I will contact my manager ASAP.
Sun Mok: Thanks i will waiting.
Sun Mok: I will be out of country soon for business trip. I can't wait further.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Can I assist you with anything else?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: You can file from anywhere in the world via the online edition.
Sun Mok: Can you ask your manager call me by COB toda?
Sun Mok: today?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: As I mentioned she is out today.
Sun Mok: okay do you want me to give my cell number? Can i get an update call from your team?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: yes, give me your number so that I can contact you.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: in addition, I can contact you via email.
Sun Mok: ###-###-###0
Sun Mok: please do both. thank you.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: perfect! Thank you...and I apologize for the inconveniene.
Sun Mok: So what you said is there is zero possibility that i can get the update from your manager by today?
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Correct.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: Sun, I'm sorry I was unable to help you today. I hope the information I provided gets you closer to a solution. Although I couldn't resolve your issue, I'll send you an email within 24 hours so you can provide feedback on my service. Thanks for using TurboTax.
Sun Mok: Okay i really hope TT calculate the rest of items correctly. I really hope this is the only mis calculation that this program has.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: I am sure you will be ok - as are the millions of other taxpayers.
07_A. Blitz, CPA: who use TT.
Sun Mok: as i mentioned, i will share this conversation to internet forum, Amazon and Youtube so people can faily judge your vs competitors.
Intuit claimed that her "Quicken 2003 for Mac" can serve as my financial organizer. I believed and acquired it. But what happened was the unexpected. The software worked fine for a couple of months and then went haywire! It is disorganizing my data now. My figures joggle up and down, day and night. I have made all sorts of adjustments without any relief. All other software (and hardware) on my system have no problems. I haven't seen anything like this!
Had it been that I didn't keep my data protecting passwords secret, I would have suspected people of messing around with my stuff. I'm just tired of correcting all my old data each time I add a new one. Intuit has not been of great help. It's time to fire this 'Chicken', sorry, I mean "Quicken".
The two stars I scored it is just because it served me well for the first seven weeks: before it went nuclear!
Intuit claimed that her "Quicken 2003 for Mac" can serve as my financial organizer. I believed and acquired it. But what happened was the unexpected. The software worked fine for a couple of months and then went haywire! It is disorganizing my data now. My figures joggle up and down, day and night. I have made all sorts of adjustments without any relief. All other software (and hardware) on my system have no problems. I haven't seen anything like this!
Had it been that I didn't keep my data protecting passwords secret, I would have suspected people of messing around with my stuff. I'm just tired of correcting all my old data each time I add a new one. Intuit has not been of great help. It's time to fire this 'Chicken', sorry, I mean "Quicken".
The two stars I scored it is just because it served me well for the first seven weeks: before it went nuclear!
Just bought this item May 5, 2014 and now ready to install after download the the key is not compatible. The key i have comes in four XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXX and the install only accepts XXX-XXX-XXX-XX. I mean what is this? I am not going to wait on the phone, please fix this issue immediately! At the bottom, it will only accept 2 numbers at a time by 2, hence XX-XX you sent me XXX-XXX. FIX IT PLEASE
I previously used quickbooks, untill the euro came, and  quickbooks had no answer for me.  I don't like also software asking for money after a buy already . Disappointed is the good word that i like to include this software after several years good cooperation still. Few interactions in customer- info findings, item deviding, and not easy mastering  sorry intuit you lost a thankfull customer years  to go maybe with some cooperation  Dr Jansen Veterinary surgeon Belgium
I previously used quickbooks, untill the euro came, and  quickbooks had no answer for me.  I don't like also software asking for money after a buy already . Disappointed is the good word that i like to include this software after several years good cooperation still. Few interactions in customer- info findings, item deviding, and not easy mastering  sorry intuit you lost a thankfull customer years  to go maybe with some cooperation  Dr Jansen Veterinary surgeon Belgium
I just laid out $30 for Quicken 2005, thinking it would be a great replacement for ACE-Money which I was using for my checking account.  What a mistake.  This year they changed their program so you can no longer import data from your old programs or your banks using .qif  (Quicken Interchange Format)

This makes the program useless, since you can't bring your old data into it from another program or from banks which permit exports of your bank account data using .qif files.

Navigating the Quicken tech support page is worse than navigating a mine field.  There are no phone number listings and no real help in how to adapt their new 2005 version to older programs by letting you import .qif files into your checking account.

If you are enamoured of Quicken, stick with version 2004 or older. The upgrade to 2005 is a catastrophe.

Alan Taplow

844 John Fowler Road

Plainfield VT  05667

802-454-4675  ataplow@jhu.edu
I just laid out $30 for Quicken 2005, thinking it would be a great replacement for ACE-Money which I was using for my checking account.  What a mistake.  This year they changed their program so you can no longer import data from your old programs or your banks using .qif  (Quicken Interchange Format)

This makes the program useless, since you can't bring your old data into it from another program or from banks which permit exports of your bank account data using .qif files.

Navigating the Quicken tech support page is worse than navigating a mine field.  There are no phone number listings and no real help in how to adapt their new 2005 version to older programs by letting you import .qif files into your checking account.

If you are enamoured of Quicken, stick with version 2004 or older. The upgrade to 2005 is a catastrophe.

Alan Taplow

844 John Fowler Road

Plainfield VT  05667

802-454-4675  ataplow@jhu.edu
I have used TurboTax several times over the past few years, but I won't be using it this year. Aside from the notorious problems with Intuit's "anti-piracy" feature, really lousy customer service, and updtae difficulties, here is a problem most users don't even know about. Intuit apparently sells your contact info to everyone under the sun, because you'll get a flood of junkmail and spam after registering. The company makes it very challenging to opt-out, and they absolutely FLOOD you with their own junkmail...
I have used TurboTax several times over the past few years, but I won't be using it this year. Aside from the notorious problems with Intuit's "anti-piracy" feature, really lousy customer service, and updtae difficulties, here is a problem most users don't even know about. Intuit apparently sells your contact info to everyone under the sun, because you'll get a flood of junkmail and spam after registering. The company makes it very challenging to opt-out, and they absolutely FLOOD you with their own junkmail...

Topic 8: 000 0.00918 period 0.00595 sheet 0.00536 limit 0.00498 text 0.0045 17 0.00438 ruined 0.00365 spread 0.00296 hoped 0.00284 control 0.00241
 How Many: 26822
Basically just a text editor bound in a greenshade straightjacket.  Does allow the rearranging and some consolidation of accounts.  That's its strongest feature.  Provides less control over periods than native reporting in QB.  Cannot control starting period, only ending period and the choice of Month, Quarter, Year periods.  You are restricted to 7 balance sheet templates, 13 P&L and 3 CashFlow templates - plus freedom to type up your own cover letter (whoopee!).  And aside from rearranging accounts and editing the text, they cannot be modified.  Still can't get percentages on current, comparison and variance columns.  Can't get balance sheet comparison to anything other than twelve months ago.  It's slow across a network.  If you return client file, changes aren't saved.  I'll continue to export to Excel.
Basically just a text editor bound in a greenshade straightjacket.  Does allow the rearranging and some consolidation of accounts.  That's its strongest feature.  Provides less control over periods than native reporting in QB.  Cannot control starting period, only ending period and the choice of Month, Quarter, Year periods.  You are restricted to 7 balance sheet templates, 13 P&L and 3 CashFlow templates - plus freedom to type up your own cover letter (whoopee!).  And aside from rearranging accounts and editing the text, they cannot be modified.  Still can't get percentages on current, comparison and variance columns.  Can't get balance sheet comparison to anything other than twelve months ago.  It's slow across a network.  If you return client file, changes aren't saved.  I'll continue to export to Excel.
This bug nearly cost me $1000 in tax savings because the software doesn't conform to IRS publication 590 rules.  According to IRS 590, if one spouse is covered by a retirement plan at work and the other is not, then the one that is not can deduct up to $4000 in a traditional IRA provided the MAGI is less than $159,000 for married filing jointly.  The software thinks that number is between $83,000 and $103,000.  Last year, the limit was $156,000 and I had no problem with a $4000 traditional IRA with last year's software.  They need to fix this quickly as many of us have to file early for college financial aid purposes.  I have been on hold for over an hour now trying to alert them to this bug.  It worked last year and all they had to do was increase the limit from $156,000 to $159,000. There were no rule changes.  I spent $150 to check this with a tax professional.
This bug nearly cost me $1000 in tax savings because the software doesn't conform to IRS publication 590 rules.  According to IRS 590, if one spouse is covered by a retirement plan at work and the other is not, then the one that is not can deduct up to $4000 in a traditional IRA provided the MAGI is less than $159,000 for married filing jointly.  The software thinks that number is between $83,000 and $103,000.  Last year, the limit was $156,000 and I had no problem with a $4000 traditional IRA with last year's software.  They need to fix this quickly as many of us have to file early for college financial aid purposes.  I have been on hold for over an hour now trying to alert them to this bug.  It worked last year and all they had to do was increase the limit from $156,000 to $159,000. There were no rule changes.  I spent $150 to check this with a tax professional.
I've never used tax software before. While it has some advantages, there are sufficient traps,confusions and incompletions to make this a potentially hazardous undertaking. Little things like being very obtuse about including your estimated tax in total taxes. Big things like not having the rules for underpayment penalty of taxes in the software. Come on guys, it's not that hard they're in IRS Pub 17. Dumb things like trying to assess a premature IRA withdrawl penalty for a 1099-R pertaining to a matured life insurance policy. Then there's the mess with Sched K-1. None of these are ready yet, try downloading. 5 hours later, it gets all the way through and crashes. In some ways it was better than manual. At least it would have been if I could control it and or complete it. I guess I'll just use this as a set of crib notes for manual prep. Oh well
I've never used tax software before. While it has some advantages, there are sufficient traps,confusions and incompletions to make this a potentially hazardous undertaking. Little things like being very obtuse about including your estimated tax in total taxes. Big things like not having the rules for underpayment penalty of taxes in the software. Come on guys, it's not that hard they're in IRS Pub 17. Dumb things like trying to assess a premature IRA withdrawl penalty for a 1099-R pertaining to a matured life insurance policy. Then there's the mess with Sched K-1. None of these are ready yet, try downloading. 5 hours later, it gets all the way through and crashes. In some ways it was better than manual. At least it would have been if I could control it and or complete it. I guess I'll just use this as a set of crib notes for manual prep. Oh well
Outright dismissal GUI / Font scaling.  Controls and text artifacting all over the interface.  Some enormous text in the register...account list text is tiny.  Fooled with my settings for an hour can get text either extremely too large, unreadably small or an inexplicable mixture of both.  Unusable.
Oh my God....!! do they call this softwrae development? Complete mayham here...

Some of the highlights are!

- Amounts on invoices cannot be shown with $ symbols. Have not checked the reports yet...hahaha
- Invoicing has an email feature...but that doesnot work with 64 Bit outlook...hahaha
- Business part of software has jumbled up menus and you have to click through strange drop down menus where your needed commands are buried...do they know what workflow is?....Hahaha
- Invoice form redesign is circal 1979, where even little utilities offer WSYWIG editing of layouts these days.....hahahaa
- Invoice form design has some outside the box thinking...but for the wrong reason...here Zoom In means...scaling down and Zoom out means Scaling up....which is completely opposite of all programs in the world....hahaha

- More later
As of 1/24/08, there is a bug in the 2007 Turbotax software that was going to add over $3,000 to my federal tax bill.  I called the Turbotax "Help" line and spent over two hours on the phone with first and second tier tech support folks helping them reproduce the error. Even when they could see the error, they insisted I was doing something wrong.  I spent long periods on hold waiting while they huddled.  During these "hold" periods, the rep would come back on the line periodically asking if I was still there, and then put me on hold again (I think she hoped I would give up). Eventually a second-tier tech support guy acknowledged that there was a previously unknown bug in the software.  He said he would escalate the matter to the Turbotax programmers.  I asked when the problem would be fixed. Unknown.  I asked to be notified either by e-mail or phone when the patch would be available. They don't do that. I asked to speak to a supervisor. I was put back on interminable "hold" and finally gave up.
It seems to me that customers who take the time and trouble to report a product defect, and then actually assist tech support in reproducing the problem, should at least expect a "thank you" for helping the company improve it's product.  Instead, the Turbotax people throw up a wall of almost unrelenting skepticism that wastes everyone's time, and then refuse to extend the common courtesy of giving the customer a timeline or notification for resolving the issue.  I've used Turbotax for many years, but this experience, along with a known tendency for Turbotax to include "penalties" that the IRS would never impose, would make me reluctant to use it again.
For Turbotax users: This bug occurs if you did a "rollover" from a 401K to a Traditional IRA and then "converted" and "recharacterized" between your Traditional IRA and a Roth IRA.  Under these circumstances, Turbotax will add the "rollover" amount to your MAGI which may then exceed the income limit for Roth conversion.  Hopefully the bug will be fixed by the time you read this.
As of 1/24/08, there is a bug in the 2007 Turbotax software that was going to add over $3,000 to my federal tax bill.  I called the Turbotax "Help" line and spent over two hours on the phone with first and second tier tech support folks helping them reproduce the error. Even when they could see the error, they insisted I was doing something wrong.  I spent long periods on hold waiting while they huddled.  During these "hold" periods, the rep would come back on the line periodically asking if I was still there, and then put me on hold again (I think she hoped I would give up). Eventually a second-tier tech support guy acknowledged that there was a previously unknown bug in the software.  He said he would escalate the matter to the Turbotax programmers.  I asked when the problem would be fixed. Unknown.  I asked to be notified either by e-mail or phone when the patch would be available. They don't do that. I asked to speak to a supervisor. I was put back on interminable "hold" and finally gave up.
It seems to me that customers who take the time and trouble to report a product defect, and then actually assist tech support in reproducing the problem, should at least expect a "thank you" for helping the company improve it's product.  Instead, the Turbotax people throw up a wall of almost unrelenting skepticism that wastes everyone's time, and then refuse to extend the common courtesy of giving the customer a timeline or notification for resolving the issue.  I've used Turbotax for many years, but this experience, along with a known tendency for Turbotax to include "penalties" that the IRS would never impose, would make me reluctant to use it again.
For Turbotax users: This bug occurs if you did a "rollover" from a 401K to a Traditional IRA and then "converted" and "recharacterized" between your Traditional IRA and a Roth IRA.  Under these circumstances, Turbotax will add the "rollover" amount to your MAGI which may then exceed the income limit for Roth conversion.  Hopefully the bug will be fixed by the time you read this.

Topic 9: data 0.04203 personal 0.02523 bugs 0.02465 wish 0.02349 software 0.02018 link 0.01802 com 0.01689 product 0.01513 2008 0.01328 future 0.01184
 How Many: 26822
Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

Here's a permalink to just one of my earlier, quite detailed Amazon reviews of the Quicken product: tinyurl.com/AmazonQuickenReview

I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. During that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just the aforementioned continual increase in software bugs, eternal peddling of affiliated products, etc.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams ... ... Quicken Loans, Quicken Credit Cards, etc.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

Here's a permalink to just one of my earlier, quite detailed Amazon reviews of the Quicken product: tinyurl.com/AmazonQuickenReview

I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. During that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just the aforementioned continual increase in software bugs, eternal peddling of affiliated products, etc.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams ... ... Quicken Loans, Quicken Credit Cards, etc.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

Here's a permalink to just one of my earlier, quite detailed Amazon reviews of the Quicken product: tinyurl.com/AmazonQuickenReview

I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. During that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just the aforementioned continual increase in software bugs, eternal peddling of affiliated products, etc.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams ... ... Quicken Loans, Quicken Credit Cards, etc.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

Here's a permalink to just one of my earlier, quite detailed Amazon reviews of the Quicken product: tinyurl.com/AmazonQuickenReview

I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. During that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just the aforementioned continual increase in software bugs, eternal peddling of affiliated products, etc.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams ... ... Quicken Loans, Quicken Credit Cards, etc.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

Here's a permalink to just one of my earlier, quite detailed Amazon reviews of the Quicken product: tinyurl.com/AmazonQuickenReview

I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. During that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just the aforementioned continual increase in software bugs, eternal peddling of affiliated products, etc.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams ... ... Quicken Loans, Quicken Credit Cards, etc.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

Here's a permalink to just one of my earlier, quite detailed Amazon reviews of the Quicken product: tinyurl.com/AmazonQuickenReview

I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. During that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just the aforementioned continual increase in software bugs, eternal peddling of affiliated products, etc.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams ... ... Quicken Loans, Quicken Credit Cards, etc.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. during that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just a huge increase in software bugs.

Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. during that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just a huge increase in software bugs.

Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. during that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just a huge increase in software bugs.

Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.
I owned Q2008, Q2005 & Q2002 and I used them daily. during that decade, I observed no significant product improvements, just a huge increase in software bugs.

Look up the Q2010 and/or Q2008 products, where I posted detailed logs/diaries of the endless bugs, errors and frustrations I endured as a Quicken user.

In August, 2010, I finally migrated to the Moneydance product and--after the migration and learning curve issues--I find it swims slick as an eel. I wish I'd done it years sooner.

Since at least 2002, Intuit has been using Quicken as a pure 'cash cow' - a product to milk revenue out of, but making no investment in it - while it continues to toy around with other new product developments toward future revenue streams.

The history of the Quicken product doesn't suggest a bright future for Quicken users. Don't get suckered into starting up with Quicken. Go with Moneydance.

Topic 10: worse 0.03362 crashes 0.02588 piece 0.02247 horrible 0.02189 updates 0.01466 keeps 0.01098 getting 0.01071 constantly 0.01044 crap 0.01033 gets 0.00967
 How Many: 26822
Online banking keeps freezing, Quicken stops responding, end task, relaunch, stops responding, doom loop.  Online banking also keeps randomly failing w/ any number of 500 errors, get those resolved, another account won't update, and another not responding, end task, relaunch, now more accounts won't update, resolve those, freeze, back to more accounts failing.

This is the most horrific software experience I've had since...  Well, since I bought Quicken 2013!!!  Shame on me for giving Intuit more money that they surely do not deserve.  Shame on Intuit, & shame on anybody who reads this review & still chooses to waste their money on this bug-ridden, financial tampering, data corrupting GARBAGE.
A horrible , aggravating program, All Intuit software seems to be engineered by a bunch of pot smoking surfer dudes that are more worried about catching that next big wave, than properly creating the software they pedal as good quality! The support is horrible, if non-existent!
TurboTax 2014 Form 8606 and individual tax-free percentage STINKS. Wordy crap that says nothing, leads you on a wild goose chase and then starts you all over again. Took me ages, also TYPE is TOO DAMN SMALL and too many words in a sentence of instruction. Keep it Pithy, PITHY!! In general the software was a unbridled failure this year. Fire all your Gurus.
Quicken 2011 was fine. This is most unstable piece of commercial software I have ever used. There are freezes and crashes. Windows flicker relentlessly. For no discernible reasons, active windows become inactive and vice versa.
How the idiots could make Quicken worse is beyond me. But make it worse they did. What started out years ago has morphed into an almost unusable, incredibly non-intuitive piece of software crap.......if anyone knows of an alternative, please post!
Data is constantly corrupted causing Quickbooks 2006 to constantly and eventually crash on Macs.  I recommend steering clear of all Intuit products until they manage to keep data integrity.  Nothing like being unable to use your accounting software because it keeps crashing despit data verification and rebuilds. You have been warned.  I wish I was.
Data is constantly corrupted causing Quickbooks 2006 to constantly and eventually crash on Macs.  I recommend steering clear of all Intuit products until they manage to keep data integrity.  Nothing like being unable to use your accounting software because it keeps crashing despit data verification and rebuilds. You have been warned.  I wish I was.
Software installs then gets updates but after getting the updates, it crashes. Gives error on perwin.ini file
This is very bad software that keeps getting worse.  parts of the GUI are 10 years ole.  Only the very top levels of the GUI get revised occasionally.  Less used features get cut because they don't want to fix them, and nothing of value gets added.  Too bad it's a monopoly now.
So far disappointed.  Keeps crashing, Updates not taking, freezes on certain applications.

Topic 11: quickbooks 0.04067 business 0.03289 software 0.02064 payroll 0.01749 qb 0.01681 pay 0.0157 company 0.01502 intuit 0.01236 small 0.01163 pro 0.01054
 How Many: 26822
***UPDATE 11/30/14: Changing my rating to 1 Star. I can not believe that QB charged my credit card $2.16 after I finally broke down and gave them my C/C information, because it was the only way to activate my payroll and I had Federal and State Reports that were overdue (since I was hesitant to give my credit card information to quickbooks when I didn't owe them any money).  The charge is for a payroll back in August - a full 3 mos prior to the current activation!  I still have never incurred any valid charges from Quickbooks, as my previous payroll subscription(expired 10/14) included 3 Employees at no additional charge, and my current payroll (activated 11/14) includes 1 Employee at no additional charge.  I have only had 1 employee all year long - and yet they are charging me extra!!!  Quickbooks - you are guilty of FRAUD! You force people to give you their credit card to activate a subscription that is already bought and paid for on Amazon, and then you charge them for services that are already included in the purchase.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.  I WILL BE LOOKING FOR AN ALTERNATIVE TO QUICKBOOKS THIS WEEK POSSIBLY PEACHTREE.

***Previous review 11/25/14: I am giving this product a 2 star rating due to the fact that Quickbooks has stooped to a record low, in the areas of greed and unethical business practices.  After spending an hour with support (and speaking with 2 supervisors), I can verify that the new version of Enhanced payroll CAN NOT BE ACTIVATED WITHOUT ENTERING YOUR CREDIT CARD OR CHECKING ACCOUNT INFORMATION, AND AGREEING ELECTRONICALLY TO AUTOMATICALLY RENEW EACH YEAR, UPON THE EXPIRATION OF EACH YEAR'S CURRENT PAYROLL SUBSCRIPTION.  The new Payroll version only allows 1 employee at no additional cost and then charges you $2 per month for each additional user.  The software tracks your payrolls each month, so that as you add or delete employees it just bills you whatever it determines you should pay that month, per your initial Agreement.  Because I have only 1 employee on my payroll, I should not have to provide a Credit Card, because I should never be billed anything.

Additionally, I will NEVER purchase a Subscription Renewal from quickbooks because they are very overpriced compared to Amazon, where I have been buying my Payroll and QB Pro for many years - so again, they have NO VALID REASON FOR DEMANDING MY CREDIT CARD OR REFUSING TO ACTIVATE MY ALREADY BOUGHT AND PAID FOR PAYROLL SUBSCRIPTION.  The reason that they are requiring the Credit Card is so that a year from now, they can automatically renew your payroll subscription and charge your credit card "the current price at the time of renewal".  Customer Support reassured me repeatedly that they would immediately cancel my Auto-Renewal as soon as I provided my Credit Card and they activated my payroll account.  They also reassured me that they only were requiring a credit card in order to provide great customer service by insuring that no one would have any interruptions in their service.  Really?

Why would anyone be required to provide a credit card to activate a service that they have already paid for and will not be incurring any future costs or charges to use?  Why would any reputable company also require you to Electronically Agree to an Automatic Subscription Renewal, but tell you not to worry - they will cancel your automatic renewal as soon as you agree to it and enter your credit card or checking account information along with it?  Why would an ethical company not provide for any means for their customers to be able to activate the payroll without a credit card and agreeing to the automatic renewal, if they were not going to add additional employees and not renew automatically and not be incurring any additional charges?  An honest and ethical company would just not allow me to add any employees to payroll unless I provided satisfactory billing information.  Apparently Quickbooks does not value fairness, honesty or ethical business practices.

DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!  I have been a loyal QB Pro & QB Enhanced Payroll user for too many years to count.  I have put up with the onslaught of popup ads and solicitations to upgrade to overpriced a la carte services and extras, and with the hit or miss overseas customer service for many years and still I have recommended it to many  clients and friends because it seems to be one of the better solutions for many small businesses - that is why I still gave it 2 stars, but you have stooped to an all time low in greed and, questionable business practices.  You were always on the edge, but you have finally crossed the line, from aggressive sales tactics to deception and opportunistic means.  I would highly recommend that anyone not already on Quickbooks or Enhanced payroll, finds other solutions before you get in too deep.
I HAVE BEEN USING QB SINCE 1993 WHEN VERSION 1.0 CAME OUT AND BEEN USING QB PAYROLL SINCE IT'S INCEPTION. OUR BUSINESS PURCHASED QB PRO 2012 WITH ENHANCED PAYROLL WITH A ONE YEAR SUBSCRIPTION AND INSTALLED IT IN DECEMBER OF 2012. OUR ENHANCED PAYROLL SERVICE DOES NOT EXPIRE UNTIL THE END OF 2013. WE RECEIVED AN IN EMAIL FROM THAT STATE: "Your annual subscription for Intuit QuickBooks Enhanced Payroll will be automatically renewed on 11/22/2013 at a price of $449, plus tax where applicable. The charge will appear as "Intuit QB Payroll" on the credit card listed below. You will also receive an email renewal confirmation notice on the day your credit card is charged." OUR ENHANCED PAYROLL SERVICE WAS PREMATURELY CANCELLED/TERMINATED WHEN I TOOK MY CREDIT CARD INFO OFF THE ACCOUNT SO THAT QB PAYROLL COULD NOT CHARGE ME $449. WHEN WE HAVE ALREADY ORDERED QB PRO 2014 WITH ENHANCED PAYROLL FOR ONE YEAR FOR $279.

NOW WE CANNOT FILE OUR FEDERAL QUARTERLY PAYROLL TAX RETURNS NOR MAKE PAYROLL TAX DEPOSITS EVEN THOUGH WE HAVE PAID FOR THE SERVICES. I AM REFERRING THIS MATTER TO THE WASHINGTON STATE ATTORNEY GENERALS OFFICE. IT IS AGAINST THE LAW TO CHARGE CUSTOMERS FOR SERVICES FOR A YEAR AND THEN CANCEL THOSE SERVICES BEFORE A YEAR HAS EXPIRED. I AM REALLY TIRED OF THE EXTORTION THAT QB PAYROLL HAS RESORTED TO IN ORDER TO FORCE CUSTOMER INTO PAYING OUTRAGEOUS AMOUNTS. THE ENHANCED PAYROLL CAN BE PURCHASED AS A PACKAGE WITH THE LATEST QB PRO FOR $170 LESS. WE HAVE CHOSEN THIS OPTION, BUT QB PAYROLL HAS TERMINATED OUR SERVICE PREMATURELY AND NOW IT IS TIME FOR THEM TO BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE. I HAVE BEEN ON THE PHONE (ON HOLD FOR OVER 2 HOURS) WITH THEIR CUSTOMER DIS-SERVICE DEPARTMENT IGNORING THIS MATTER AND ATTEMPTING TO HAVE ME GIVE UP AND HANG UP. QB PAYROLL IS NOT ALONE IN THIS PRACTICE OF CUSTOMER DIS-SERVICE WITH THEIR CALL CENTER TACTICS.

AFTER BEING A PAYING CUSTOMER OF INTUIT QB PRO, PREMIER, PAYROLL AND ENHANCED PAYROLL SINCE 1993, I WILL BE SWITCHING OUR BUSINESS AND PAYROLL SOFTWARE TO A COMPANY THAT HAS ETHICAL BUSINESS PRACTICES AND HIGH CUSTOMER RATINGS. OUR TRUE RATING IS A -10, WHICH IS UNFORTUNATE BECAUSE INTUIT USE TO BE A GOOD COMPANY.

FEED UP WITH INTUIT IN SPOKANE, WA
I HAVE BEEN USING QB SINCE 1993 WHEN VERSION 1.0 CAME OUT AND BEEN USING QB PAYROLL SINCE IT'S INCEPTION. OUR BUSINESS PURCHASED QB PRO 2012 WITH ENHANCED PAYROLL WITH A ONE YEAR SUBSCRIPTION AND INSTALLED IT IN DECEMBER OF 2012. OUR ENHANCED PAYROLL SERVICE DOES NOT EXPIRE UNTIL THE END OF 2013. WE RECEIVED AN IN EMAIL FROM THAT STATE: "Your annual subscription for Intuit QuickBooks Enhanced Payroll will be automatically renewed on 11/22/2013 at a price of $449, plus tax where applicable. The charge will appear as "Intuit QB Payroll" on the credit card listed below. You will also receive an email renewal confirmation notice on the day your credit card is charged." OUR ENHANCED PAYROLL SERVICE WAS PREMATURELY CANCELLED/TERMINATED WHEN I TOOK MY CREDIT CARD INFO OFF THE ACCOUNT SO THAT QB PAYROLL COULD NOT CHARGE ME $449. WHEN WE HAVE ALREADY ORDERED QB PRO 2014 WITH ENHANCED PAYROLL FOR ONE YEAR FOR $279.

NOW WE CANNOT FILE OUR FEDERAL QUARTERLY PAYROLL TAX RETURNS NOR MAKE PAYROLL TAX DEPOSITS EVEN THOUGH WE HAVE PAID FOR THE SERVICES. I AM REFERRING THIS MATTER TO THE WASHINGTON STATE ATTORNEY GENERALS OFFICE. IT IS AGAINST THE LAW TO CHARGE CUSTOMERS FOR SERVICES FOR A YEAR AND THEN CANCEL THOSE SERVICES BEFORE A YEAR HAS EXPIRED. I AM REALLY TIRED OF THE EXTORTION THAT QB PAYROLL HAS RESORTED TO IN ORDER TO FORCE CUSTOMER INTO PAYING OUTRAGEOUS AMOUNTS. THE ENHANCED PAYROLL CAN BE PURCHASED AS A PACKAGE WITH THE LATEST QB PRO FOR $170 LESS. WE HAVE CHOSEN THIS OPTION, BUT QB PAYROLL HAS TERMINATED OUR SERVICE PREMATURELY AND NOW IT IS TIME FOR THEM TO BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE. I HAVE BEEN ON THE PHONE (ON HOLD FOR OVER 2 HOURS) WITH THEIR CUSTOMER DIS-SERVICE DEPARTMENT IGNORING THIS MATTER AND ATTEMPTING TO HAVE ME GIVE UP AND HANG UP. QB PAYROLL IS NOT ALONE IN THIS PRACTICE OF CUSTOMER DIS-SERVICE WITH THEIR CALL CENTER TACTICS.

AFTER BEING A PAYING CUSTOMER OF INTUIT QB PRO, PREMIER, PAYROLL AND ENHANCED PAYROLL SINCE 1993, I WILL BE SWITCHING OUR BUSINESS AND PAYROLL SOFTWARE TO A COMPANY THAT HAS ETHICAL BUSINESS PRACTICES AND HIGH CUSTOMER RATINGS. OUR TRUE RATING IS A -10, WHICH IS UNFORTUNATE BECAUSE INTUIT USE TO BE A GOOD COMPANY.

FEED UP WITH INTUIT IN SPOKANE, WA
DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!

I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients.  I am fairly happy with QB overall, but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about.  I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I'm not happy.  QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way, and QB does not know what to do about it.  They don't seem to care either.  Apparantly, even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc., if they have access to the general ledger, then they have access to detail payroll data.  The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L.  So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll (a typical client need), user permissions doesn't do the trick.  Because even though they can't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module, they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger!!!  Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks!!!!

DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!
DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!

I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients.  I am fairly happy with QB overall, but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about.  I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I'm not happy.  QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way, and QB does not know what to do about it.  They don't seem to care either.  Apparantly, even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc., if they have access to the general ledger, then they have access to detail payroll data.  The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L.  So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll (a typical client need), user permissions doesn't do the trick.  Because even though they can't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module, they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger!!!  Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks!!!!

DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!
DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!

I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients.  I am fairly happy with QB overall, but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about.  I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I'm not happy.  QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way, and QB does not know what to do about it.  They don't seem to care either.  Apparantly, even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc., if they have access to the general ledger, then they have access to detail payroll data.  The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L.  So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll (a typical client need), user permissions doesn't do the trick.  Because even though they can't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module, they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger!!!  Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks!!!!

DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!
DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!

I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients.  I am fairly happy with QB overall, but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about.  I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I'm not happy.  QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way, and QB does not know what to do about it.  They don't seem to care either.  Apparantly, even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc., if they have access to the general ledger, then they have access to detail payroll data.  The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L.  So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll (a typical client need), user permissions doesn't do the trick.  Because even though they can't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module, they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger!!!  Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks!!!!

DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!
DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!

I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients.  I am fairly happy with QB overall, but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about.  I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I'm not happy.  QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way, and QB does not know what to do about it.  They don't seem to care either.  Apparantly, even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc., if they have access to the general ledger, then they have access to detail payroll data.  The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L.  So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll (a typical client need), user permissions doesn't do the trick.  Because even though they can't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module, they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger!!!  Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks!!!!

DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!
DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!

I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients.  I am fairly happy with QB overall, but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about.  I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I'm not happy.  QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way, and QB does not know what to do about it.  They don't seem to care either.  Apparantly, even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc., if they have access to the general ledger, then they have access to detail payroll data.  The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L.  So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll (a typical client need), user permissions doesn't do the trick.  Because even though they can't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module, they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger!!!  Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks!!!!

DON'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL!!!!!
I finally cut the Quickbooks cord after using their products for over 15 years.  If money (cost) is not an object, this is a very good program and will do everything you need.  The problem for me the the continued rise and forced renewals of their programs.  First, you have to upgrade Quickbooks pro every 2 years because they stop support after that.  Payroll, though very robust, requires an annual subscription - but my renewal this year was $520.00!  That's just for Payroll.  In the past, it was actually cheaper for me to get packages like this on Amazon (Quickbooks Pro + Enhanced Payroll Bundles) for around $250.00 as opposed to renewing their subscriptions.  Keep in mind though, that "Enhanced" Payroll is only for 1 employee - if you have more, you have to upgrade that to "Unlimited" for about $100.00 (that cost might be more now but only available IF your grandfathered and have had the "Unlimited" Payroll in the past.  Now, I am told that option isn't available (unless you've had it in the past) so they want to steer everyone to their current Payroll that has a monthly charge PER employee.  Ridiculous!  Usually, they have been good about discounting my renewal (last year was discounted to $364.00 + tax, though I had to upgrade my Quickbooks Pro a few months later for another $200.00, so last year cost me essentially $564.00 for payroll (something I used to be able to do for less than $200.00 every couple of years in the past before companies like Peachtree & Quickbooks started offering in-house payroll processing.  I swear it seems they continue to raise the annual cost of doing payroll yourself so that you may finally give up and pay them to do it for you.  The lowest I could get them to discount this year's payroll subscription was $416 + tax (from $520.00).  Pass.  Going to Checkmark - full featured, stand alone (I purchased Quickbooks Pro but never used it for my accounting, just to use Quickbooks Payroll), $320.00 for the program, $200.00 annual renewals afterwards (CheckMark's pricing).  Nothing wrong with Quickbooks if you don't mind their price - but make sure you use a disposable credit card because no matter how many times they will tell you up front they will not auto renew - they will!  If I hadn't done this, my card would have been charged $520.00 this year, when I had another competitor's option for $320.00 (or even their own discount of $416.00 had it not auto renewed).  They need a valid credit card to start your subscription, so there's no way around this.

Topic 12: tax 0.0616 turbotax 0.05103 year 0.04237 state 0.03215 return 0.02905 turbo 0.02797 file 0.02065 taxes 0.0193 deluxe 0.01558 forms 0.01213
 How Many: 26822
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."
If ths following is your idea of good product support, then by all means, purchase Turbo Tax.  While using the software, I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed.  As for me, my next purchase will be Tax Cut.

The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding. The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer. The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes. It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax. This must claimed separately, as you noted in your email, on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.

The software's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding. The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes. It goes on to state, "You cannot claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040. Instead use Form 843."

Topic 13: program 0.09634 computer 0.0337 install 0.02297 software 0.02002 installed 0.01626 intuit 0.01521 copy 0.01266 new 0.01092 files 0.01007 cd 0.00911
 How Many: 26822
Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called "C-Dilla".  That program was supposed to be a DRM (Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy) program, but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossible to remove from your system.
Before considering TurboTax, make a strong effort to find out if C-Dilla is no longer part of the TurboTax program.
In the 2002 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax 2002.  (The original uninstall program that came with TurboTax 2002 didn't remove C-Dilla.)
Why dislike C-Dilla ?  Here's why.
For those of you who don't know what CDilla is:
It's spyware, that sits on your PC and monitors activity... not just when you use TurboTax, but ALL the time.  It's also malware, because it interferes with your CD copying... not just preventing  certain copyrighted CDs from being copied (OK, OK) but may also prevent your CD burner from copying CDs properly...whether there's a legitimate COPYRIGHT reason for preventing that copy or not.
CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared, self-created partition on your hard disk.  Yes, that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users, that's going to be a real problems, because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea...particularly if you have several partitions, dedicated to several flavors of operating system (Windows and Linux, for example... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot).
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech and its sister publication PC Magazine are industry leaders.  You have probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  This is from one of many articles there about C-Dilla, particularly C-Dilla on Intuit's TurboTax software. (Intuit-TurboTax-2002's version of C-Dilla wasn't different from any other version of C-Dilla.  It just got alot of attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From the article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles, and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla, what it does, why folks dislike it intensely, etc. etc.
In short, C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product until Intuit promises that C-Dilla is NOT a part of the 2003 offering.  Be safe...buy something else instead.  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called "C-Dilla".  That program was supposed to be a DRM (Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy) program, but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossible to remove from your system.
Before considering TurboTax, make a strong effort to find out if C-Dilla is no longer part of the TurboTax program.
In the 2002 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax 2002.  (The original uninstall program that came with TurboTax 2002 didn't remove C-Dilla.)
Why dislike C-Dilla ?  Here's why.
For those of you who don't know what CDilla is:
It's spyware, that sits on your PC and monitors activity... not just when you use TurboTax, but ALL the time.  It's also malware, because it interferes with your CD copying... not just preventing  certain copyrighted CDs from being copied (OK, OK) but may also prevent your CD burner from copying CDs properly...whether there's a legitimate COPYRIGHT reason for preventing that copy or not.
CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared, self-created partition on your hard disk.  Yes, that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users, that's going to be a real problems, because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea...particularly if you have several partitions, dedicated to several flavors of operating system (Windows and Linux, for example... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot).
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech and its sister publication PC Magazine are industry leaders.  You have probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  This is from one of many articles there about C-Dilla, particularly C-Dilla on Intuit's TurboTax software. (Intuit-TurboTax-2002's version of C-Dilla wasn't different from any other version of C-Dilla.  It just got alot of attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From the article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles, and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla, what it does, why folks dislike it intensely, etc. etc.
In short, C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product until Intuit promises that C-Dilla is NOT a part of the 2003 offering.  Be safe...buy something else instead.  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called "C-Dilla".  That program was supposed to be a DRM (Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy) program, but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossible to remove from your system.
Before considering TurboTax, make a strong effort to find out if C-Dilla is no longer part of the TurboTax program.  If C-Dilla's there... buy something else.  Warning:  In the 2002 version, C-Dilla's presence may NOT have been listed on the box or enclosed literature.  Certainly C-Dilla's presence and activities on users' PCs were under-reported in Intuit/TurboTax's literature, making TurboTax 2002 a trojan.  Intuit was not very forthcoming about how C-Dilla worked, how to remove it, etc., etc. until public pressure forced them to open up... a little.
In the 2002 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax 2002.  (The original uninstall program that came with TurboTax 2002 didn't remove C-Dilla.)
Why dislike C-Dilla ?  Here's why.
For those of you who don't know what CDilla is:
It's spyware, that sits on your PC and monitors activity... not just when you use TurboTax, but ALL the time.  It's also malware, because it interferes with your CD copying... not just preventing  certain copyrighted CDs from being copied (OK, OK) but may also prevent your CD burner from copying CDs properly...whether there's a legitimate COPYRIGHT reason for preventing that copy or not.
CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared, self-created partition on your hard disk.  Yes, that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users, that's going to be a real problems, because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea...particularly if you have several partitions, dedicated to several flavors of operating system (Windows and Linux, for example... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot).
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech and its sister publication PC Magazine are industry leaders.  You have probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  This is from one of many articles there about C-Dilla, particularly C-Dilla on Intuit's TurboTax software. (Intuit-TurboTax-2002's version of C-Dilla wasn't different from any other version of C-Dilla.  It just got alot of attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From the article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles, and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla, what it does, why folks dislike it intensely, whether it can be removed from a PC, etc. etc.
In short, C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product until Intuit promises that C-Dilla is NOT a part of the 2003 offering.  Be safe...buy something else instead.  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called "C-Dilla".  That program was supposed to be a DRM (Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy) program, but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossible to remove from your system.
Before considering TurboTax, make a strong effort to find out if C-Dilla is no longer part of the TurboTax program.  If C-Dilla's there... buy something else.  Warning:  In the 2002 version, C-Dilla's presence may NOT have been listed on the box or enclosed literature.  Certainly C-Dilla's presence and activities on users' PCs were under-reported in Intuit/TurboTax's literature, making TurboTax 2002 a trojan.  Intuit was not very forthcoming about how C-Dilla worked, how to remove it, etc., etc. until public pressure forced them to open up... a little.
In the 2002 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax 2002.  (The original uninstall program that came with TurboTax 2002 didn't remove C-Dilla.)
Why dislike C-Dilla ?  Here's why.
For those of you who don't know what CDilla is:
It's spyware, that sits on your PC and monitors activity... not just when you use TurboTax, but ALL the time.  It's also malware, because it interferes with your CD copying... not just preventing  certain copyrighted CDs from being copied (OK, OK) but may also prevent your CD burner from copying CDs properly...whether there's a legitimate COPYRIGHT reason for preventing that copy or not.
CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared, self-created partition on your hard disk.  Yes, that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users, that's going to be a real problems, because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea...particularly if you have several partitions, dedicated to several flavors of operating system (Windows and Linux, for example... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot).
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech and its sister publication PC Magazine are industry leaders.  You have probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  This is from one of many articles there about C-Dilla, particularly C-Dilla on Intuit's TurboTax software. (Intuit-TurboTax-2002's version of C-Dilla wasn't different from any other version of C-Dilla.  It just got alot of attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From the article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles, and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla, what it does, why folks dislike it intensely, whether it can be removed from a PC, etc. etc.
In short, C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product until Intuit promises that C-Dilla is NOT a part of the 2003 offering.  Be safe...buy something else instead.  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called "C-Dilla".  That program was supposed to be a DRM (Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy) program, but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossibel to remove from your system.
Before considering TurboTax, make a strong effort to find out if C-Dilla is no longer part of the TurboTax program(s), and that it is not a part of this "TurboTax Organizer".
In the 2002 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax 2002.  (The original uninstall program that came with TurboTax 2002 didn't remove C-Dilla.)
Why dislike C-Dilla ?  Here's why:
If I had known in advance that this program contains CDilla spyware / malware, I would not have bought it.  I ordered the product already... but I guarantee it will make a quick trip to the trash-bin UNOPENED.
For those of you who don't know what CDilla is:
It's spyware, which means it reports across the internet to let the mfr. know if you're making extra copies.  It's also malware, because it interferes with your CD copying... not just preventing  certain copyrighted CDs from being copied (OK, OK) but also just plain preventing your CD burner from copying random CDs properly...whether there's a legitimate reason for preventing that copy or not.
CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared, self-created partition on your hard disk.  Yes, that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users, that's going to be a real problems, because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea...particularly if you have several partitions, dedicated to several flavors of operating system (Windows and Linux, for example... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot).
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech and its sister publication PC Magazine are industry leaders.  You have probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  This is from one of many articles there about C-Dilla, particularly C-Dilla on Intuit's TurboTax software. (Intuit-TurboTax-2002's version of C-Dilla wasn't different from any other version of C-Dilla.  It just got alot of attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From the article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles, and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla, what it does, why folks dislike it intensely, etc. etc.
In short, C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product.  Buy something else instead.  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called "C-Dilla".  That program was supposed to be a DRM (Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy) program, but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossibel to remove from your system.
Before considering TurboTax, make a strong effort to find out if C-Dilla is no longer part of the TurboTax program(s), and that it is not a part of this "TurboTax Organizer".
In the 2002 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax 2002.  (The original uninstall program that came with TurboTax 2002 didn't remove C-Dilla.)
Why dislike C-Dilla ?  Here's why:
If I had known in advance that this program contains CDilla spyware / malware, I would not have bought it.  I ordered the product already... but I guarantee it will make a quick trip to the trash-bin UNOPENED.
For those of you who don't know what CDilla is:
It's spyware, which means it reports across the internet to let the mfr. know if you're making extra copies.  It's also malware, because it interferes with your CD copying... not just preventing  certain copyrighted CDs from being copied (OK, OK) but also just plain preventing your CD burner from copying random CDs properly...whether there's a legitimate reason for preventing that copy or not.
CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared, self-created partition on your hard disk.  Yes, that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users, that's going to be a real problems, because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea...particularly if you have several partitions, dedicated to several flavors of operating system (Windows and Linux, for example... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot).
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech and its sister publication PC Magazine are industry leaders.  You have probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  This is from one of many articles there about C-Dilla, particularly C-Dilla on Intuit's TurboTax software. (Intuit-TurboTax-2002's version of C-Dilla wasn't different from any other version of C-Dilla.  It just got alot of attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From the article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles, and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla, what it does, why folks dislike it intensely, etc. etc.
In short, C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product.  Buy something else instead.  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech &sister publication PC Magazine're industry leaders.  You've probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  (Note:Intuit-TurboTax-2002's C-Dilla wasn't different from other versions of C-Dilla.  It just got lotsa attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From ET's article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
...  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
In the 2002/2003 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax somewhat apologizing, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax2002.  (The original uninstaller didn't remove C-Dilla.)
2004...does it have C-Dilla ?  I don't know.  It's not out yet.  Approach with caution.
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech &sister publication PC Magazine're industry leaders.  You've probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  (Note:Intuit-TurboTax-2002's C-Dilla wasn't different from other versions of C-Dilla.  It just got lotsa attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From ET's article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."...  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
In the 2002/2003 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax somewhat apologizing, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax2002.  (The original uninstaller didn't remove C-Dilla.)
2004...does it have C-Dilla ?  I don't know.  It's not out yet.  Approach with caution.
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech &sister publication PC Magazine're industry leaders.  You've probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  (Note:Intuit-TurboTax-2002's C-Dilla wasn't different from other versions of C-Dilla.  It just got lotsa attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From ET's article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."...  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
In the 2002/2003 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax somewhat apologizing, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax2002.  (The original uninstaller didn't remove C-Dilla.)
2004...does it have C-Dilla ?  I don't know.  It's not out yet.  Approach with caution.
Here's a quote from extremetech.com. (ExtremeTech &sister publication PC Magazine're industry leaders.  You've probably heard of their most famous writer, John C. Dvorak.)  (Note:Intuit-TurboTax-2002's C-Dilla wasn't different from other versions of C-Dilla.  It just got lotsa attention because TurboTax *was* very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it.)
From ET's article:
"Likely the biggest problem users have expressed, is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology. People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner, and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded. And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations. (PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems).  [....] or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good, the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove."
...  If you're planning on using this product at work, forget it... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you're installing destructive trojan/spyware (C-Dilla) on the company PCs.  If you've already installed this software on a PC at work, let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY, so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla.
In the 2002/2003 version of TurboTax, a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users, which led to Intuit/TurboTax somewhat apologizing, and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you'd uninstalled TurboTax2002.  (The original uninstaller didn't remove C-Dilla.)
2004...does it have C-Dilla ?  I don't know.  It's not out yet.  Approach with caution.

Topic 14: product 0.15125 buy 0.05612 download 0.04516 amazon 0.04418 purchase 0.03252 refund 0.03173 purchased 0.03107 bought 0.02503 disappointed 0.01406 did 0.01279
 How Many: 26822
This box by Intuit had a gray strip on the back with a product key.  It did not specify how to remove it so I tried to peel it and destroyed the numbers.  The replacement I bought clearly stated "SCRATCH OFF THE GRAY"  I did and this was fine.  The problem is that the 3rd party seller will have to take the loss for this and it was not their fault.  The box itself was faulty not the 3rd party seller.  I called Intuit first before returning the item, and they were not particularly helpful.  They told me to go back to Amazon
THE PROBLEM - the license and product key numbers were put under a sticker that did not come off evenly and destroyed part of the numbers. Since I did not have these numbers I could not install the product. Further, the license # is needed for a warranty return.

I called a prominent support # on the Intuit website. The warranty is apparently ineffective for me since it requires a license # on the return form. Also there was no RMA# or equivalent to show a valid attempt by the manufacturer to acknowledge a return.

I offered to send copies of the Amazon receipt, a picture of the defective license and product key area, and a picture of the disk with Intuit's special marks on it. Even if the warranty is mercifully honored, without the license#, it looks like I will have to wait at least a week for it to get there, some time for it to be processed, possibly 4 weeks for a refund, and then return shipping time. This is the computer and internet age, shouldn't the warranty have involved at least an offer of electronic download?
I love the turbotax products but when I attempted to purchase it from Amazon, the download was unsuccessful, the software never worked on my computer, and Amazon would not refund my purchase price.  I had to buy it again directly from Intuit.

Lesson learned?  Always buy TurboTax directly from Intuit and never try to purchase it from Amazon.
Wish I could provide a review without rating it: I downloaded the product from Amazon, loaded it, and then uninstalled it immediately. So, since I didn't use the product, it might be unfair to give it only one star....

But, I am only giving it one star, because when I installed Quicken, I noticed that it added some other crap spammy shortcut on my desktop  without my permission. It was my understanding that I was spending my money on Quicken. There is no need to push some other crap on me. I might understand if this was some adware or freeware product, but it's not.

Am I petty? Very!

On a positive note, Intuit has a no questions asked refund policy, so I got my money back after a few emails.

Beware downloading software from Amazon: They have a no refund policy after you download.  So, even if you spend your money on product A, "Quicken," and then after you install it, you find that you have actually been provided with Product B, "Quicken + Spam," they might make it difficult for you to get a refund even though they provided you with Product B when you were clearly buying Product A.

I am disappointed that Amazon pushed the wrong product to my computer after I submitted my payment. I would encourage Amazon to more carefully examine the products they ship (whether electronically, or, via parcel) to ensure it matches the description on its website.  This is as if they shipped me Anna Karenina when the product description was about a couple of Russian families' drama set against the backdrop of a French invasion.
I can't review the software itself because, for me, it is totally unusable.  I have no way of knowing the license and product codes because the security sticker covering both codes would not come off without either lifting the numbers or ripping the paper label that the codes were printed on.  I can only make out a few of the umpteen digits that comprise both codes....  So, without the license and product codes, I can't use the product.
Absolutely unable to download this product.
Amazon refunded and I tried purchasing it for PC.
Still unable to download it.
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. It is faulty.
Buy from Intuit directly. Direct purchases from TurboTax allow re-downloading for three years. Amazon's policy does not allow re-downloading. It's tax software Amazon. Prior periods can be an issue. Amazon's tax software policy is terrible.
Don't buy software from Amazon. I purchased QuickBooks Pro 2015 from Amazon. It came with the License and Product numbers illegible. So I was unable to install the software on my computer. Got the runaround and then told cannot be returned. Out $185.52. Will never purchase software from Amazon again. Future software purchases will be from a brick-and-mortar where I can take it back without a problem.
I love the product, but had some technical issues and contacted Amazon. Amazon instructed me to contact Intuit, Inc., and told me that Intuit, Inc. has a 60 day satisfaction guarantee refund policy. When I contacted TurboTax (Intuit, Inc.), I was informed that they only refund purchases made directly from them. There are no refunds for 3rd party vendors.
I love the product, but had some technical issues and contacted Amazon. Amazon instructed me to contact Intuit, Inc., and told me that Intuit, Inc. has a 60 day satisfaction guarantee refund policy. When I contacted TurboTax (Intuit, Inc.), I was informed that they only refund purchases made directly from them. There are no refunds for 3rd party vendors.

Topic 15: poor 0.01705 security 0.01118 quality 0.00868 companies 0.00718 level 0.0069 high 0.00656 avoid 0.00633 expected 0.0051 corporate 0.00486 act 0.00461
 How Many: 26822
It is unconscionable that taxpayers should be ripped off by having to buy software to do their taxes. And lest you say we are not forced to buy tax software then think again. No one can even figure out how to file anymore. The tax code is so complex it would take fifty lawyers working for you and even they would get your return wrong. I am sick of corporations controlling the market and having a virtual monopoly on an entire industry. The government should give every citizen free software and put all of these evil tax software companies out of business. But in this era of corrupt corporations stealing at will from hard working Americans I see nothing changing.

The end of the ultra corrupt and evil Bush Regime is a step in the right direction. Bush sold every American out to corrupt corporations and he even started a war based entirely on lies just so he could reward republican companies with multi-billion dollar contracts in Iraq. Face it, our soldiers are only in Iraq to serve as a low-paid mercenary force to protect the financial interests of corrupt corporations. The leaders of soulless, evil companies like Halliburton are living in million dollar mansions paid for with the blood of our soldiers.

I am all for capitalism, but it has to be responsible and accountable. And any industry that forms a monopoly, as the tax software criminals have, are abusing gouging the American people. Let's stop companies from raping the American consumer now!
I am in absolute agreement with many reviewers about the undesirable nature of the new copy protection scheme used by Intuit in Turbotax 2002.  There are suggestions within newsgroups that the C-Dilla/Macrovision sopy protection software that insinuates itself into your computer without asking your permission also remains after Turbotax is uninstalled, continuing to use memory and hard drive space, at the very least.
After reading these reports, I returned to an earlier image of my root drive, absolutely removing the C-Dilla files, and thus all traces of the program.
I am angry with Intuit for what I feel is reaching into and manipulating my machine without my consent or knowledge, and intend to cease using their products.  They need to know how I feel, how we all feel about this sort of invasive copy protection.
Steve Bennett is the President and CEO of Intuit, Bill Campbell is Chairman of the Board of Directors of the corporation, Tom Allanson is Senior Vice President of the Consumer Tax Group of Intuit, and Caroline Donahue is Vice President in charge of Sales.  I obtained these names, and there are many more executives listed, on the Intuit corporate web site, along with the address for corporate offices in Mountain View, CA.  I have written each, requesting an immediate refund for a product I refuse to use.  I copied information I found on the web discussing negative aspects of this copy protection, and included that with my letters, in case these executives needed to know why I was so upset.
Perhaps Intuit will respond with a more tolerable copy protection plan when enough people demand refunds, and express their dissatisfaction with the product.
I am in absolute agreement with many reviewers about the undesirable nature of the new copy protection scheme used by Intuit in Turbotax 2002.  There are suggestions within newsgroups that the C-Dilla/Macrovision sopy protection software that insinuates itself into your computer without asking your permission also remains after Turbotax is uninstalled, continuing to use memory and hard drive space, at the very least.
After reading these reports, I returned to an earlier image of my root drive, absolutely removing the C-Dilla files, and thus all traces of the program.
I am angry with Intuit for what I feel is reaching into and manipulating my machine without my consent or knowledge, and intend to cease using their products.  They need to know how I feel, how we all feel about this sort of invasive copy protection.
Steve Bennett is the President and CEO of Intuit, Bill Campbell is Chairman of the Board of Directors of the corporation, Tom Allanson is Senior Vice President of the Consumer Tax Group of Intuit, and Caroline Donahue is Vice President in charge of Sales.  I obtained these names, and there are many more executives listed, on the Intuit corporate web site, along with the address for corporate offices in Mountain View, CA.  I have written each, requesting an immediate refund for a product I refuse to use.  I copied information I found on the web discussing negative aspects of this copy protection, and included that with my letters, in case these executives needed to know why I was so upset.
Perhaps Intuit will respond with a more tolerable copy protection plan when enough people demand refunds, and express their dissatisfaction with the product. Worst Technical support ever!! 
Sasan Goodarzi, General Manager of the TurboTax Team has apologized profusely for poor execution of price gouging.  Intuit's real goal was to double the cost of completing a return that required Schedule C, D or E.  He and his colleagues just didn't foresee the backlash.  They expected consumers to simply roll over as did all the execs in the meetings in which their brilliant strategy was mounted.  That strategy was akin to Toyota slapping the Lexus name on a Corolla and raising the price to boot.  What Intuit needs to apologize for is its INTENT to deceive the public, not just the company's bumbled execution.
Sorry, Intuit.  I've had it, I'm done, this is ridiculous. I've been a (sadly) loyal customer since about 1990, back when you were ChipSoft.  I followed you to Intuit.  I (blissfully) ignored your privacy attacks on my computer back in '03 when you installed DRM on my computer without asking.  I sat back and watched as you lobbied state legislatures to shut down effective and state-operated FREE filing programs, for no reason other than to be able to gouge us again--your loyal customers.  But now your arrogance wins--you have pushed me away.

Oh sure, you made a huge gaffe by underestimating how angry your customers would be when you gouged us again.  Sadly, I expect that from you.  But that's not the big deal.

The big deal is how you responded to the problem.  It wasn't your mealy-mouthed, disingenuous set of apologies and re-apologies.  Again, I expect that from you.  Instead, it was your CONTINUED arrogance and complete disregard for your customers.  At the exact moment that you should have been straightening up and flying right--when you should have been on your best behavior--you just couldn't help yourself!

1) Instead of just giving everyone the product that you should have, from the start, you decide to set it up as some kind of special refund system.  And you suddenly require me to cough up my social security number to you???  As though in this day and age of identity theft you think that handing out my social security number is *nothing*???  Obviously, to *you* it's nothing.  Because it's MY identity.  How can you be this tone deaf on the issue of security.

2) Instead of just giving everyone the product that you should have, from the start, you set up a special telephone hotline which is authorized to give people refunds or upgrades, but only if they complain loudly enough!  Really?  You're going to make some of your customers whole, but not all of them.  Because why?  Because if you can still gouge *some* of us, then that's what you're truly committed to doing.  What an insult!

3) Walk with me down this tree-shaded web site.  Intuit.  Turbotax.  Do you see anything on there about getting the product that you should have given us from the start?  No.  Your whole pretend apology is communicated only via email, and on LinkedIn, and who knows where else.  Once again, the customer who comes to your web site wanting to buy the correct product ... nope, they're gonna get gouged.  Because your apology is hollow and you truly, *truly* don't mean a word of it.  Your business model is to gouge us.  That's what you're about.  Every page on your web site hides how to get the correct product for what I need.  You could not be more clear.  Thank you.

4) HOW CAN I FIND OUT how to buy the product that I need?  There is no-place that I can find where you clearly state a policy for selling me the actual product that I need.  You continue to play hide-the-puck.  As though it's a cute game.  Forty apologies later, and the rules keep changing.  What are the current rules?  Anyone?  Anyone?  (Bueller, Bueller?)  That's it, I'm done with you.

5) Your cut-and-paste replies to Amazon negative reviews demonstrate in no uncertain terms that you really, truly, just don't care.  You don't have the time to actually answer people's complaints.  You issued an apology, or ten, and that should be good enough for us *customers*.  I can hear your voice curl when you say the word.  Every time you cut and paste a non-denial denial, it tells everyone exactly who you are:

We recently communicated to you about the changes we made

We recently communicated to you about the changes we made

Enough.  We're done here.
I have been a Turbotax user and customer for 20+ years.  When Intuit decided to gut the capabilities of it's Turbotax Deluxe product, forcing small business customers such as myself to upgrade to this more expensive product just to file a schedule C, it made clear that it's short term profits mean more than my long term relationship.  So if you have a small business, know this.  When you shell out your extra hard earned $25 to Intuit this year and every year to come, a good portion of it will go right into the pockets of it's executives.  For example Brad D. Smith CEO, $16,548,469 Total Compensation for 2014  and  Sasan K. Goodarzi Senior Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Tax Group, $5,639,023 Total Compensation for 2014  And even more will go to lobbyists and contributions to your congressperson and senators to ensure that the IRS is prohibited by law from providing the same software for FREE to all taxpaying Americans.
QuickBooks 2004 Pro is modest improvement over the incredibly lame version that QB2000 was. The problem with the preceding statement is that Intuit is finally, albeit very slowly, brining QuickBooks up to the level of functionality that most professional grade software has had 3-4 years earlier. Given the price they charge for the package one would assume a very polished, professional level package which in my opinion is not the case.

Moreover the requirement of having to integrate with Internet Explorer and the corresponding reduced security settings makes it a significant security issue particularly in professional and business settings. As a professional IT consultant I need a basic package to track my business and have adopted QuickBooks by default early on believing it to be a good package given the popularity. A condition that has proved largely False unfortunately. The best I can say is that the package does get the basics I need done and given at the moment I don't have the time to review and test other alternatives I'm stuck with using this.

Lastly, as others have indicated, I really don't care for the constant self promotion Intuit has integrated into the package. I wouldn't object to something perhaps in the help area that lets on see other offerings etc. by choice. The inclusion of self promoting links within the package that appear as possible links to help areas is both annoying and modestly deceptive.

Intuit has garnered a large market share in the lower end accounting arena. They would do a good service to their longer term prospects and to their clients by making significant improvements in the package and COMPLETELY ELIMINATING the need to integrate with Internet Explorer.
QuickBooks 2004 Pro is modest improvement over the incredibly lame version that QB2000 was. The problem with the preceding statement is that Intuit is finally, albeit very slowly, brining QuickBooks up to the level of functionality that most professional grade software has had 3-4 years earlier. Given the price they charge for the package one would assume a very polished, professional level package which in my opinion is not the case.

Moreover the requirement of having to integrate with Internet Explorer and the corresponding reduced security settings makes it a significant security issue particularly in professional and business settings. As a professional IT consultant I need a basic package to track my business and have adopted QuickBooks by default early on believing it to be a good package given the popularity. A condition that has proved largely False unfortunately. The best I can say is that the package does get the basics I need done and given at the moment I don't have the time to review and test other alternatives I'm stuck with using this.

Lastly, as others have indicated, I really don't care for the constant self promotion Intuit has integrated into the package. I wouldn't object to something perhaps in the help area that lets on see other offerings etc. by choice. The inclusion of self promoting links within the package that appear as possible links to help areas is both annoying and modestly deceptive.

Intuit has garnered a large market share in the lower end accounting arena. They would do a good service to their longer term prospects and to their clients by making significant improvements in the package and COMPLETELY ELIMINATING the need to integrate with Internet Explorer.
All software has bugs in it, and so it is sometimes necessary to release software before one has all defects fixed 100%. And all companies deserve to sometimes override customer comfort in favor of the bottom line. But Quicken does both in such a ham-handed and amateur way that they have become the poster child for mediocrity, bloatware, and authoritarian mandatory upgrades.

Even if one looks beyond the dozens of little nuisances in the Quicken 2011 UI, the quirky inability to customize data entry, and the bloatware aspects of the software, there are so many issues that continue to plague this product line year after year that it is a wonder they even remain in business.  I have been a Quicken user since 1989/1990 because, honestly, it does most of what I need to do, and after 3 or 4 months of banging around inside a new version or release, I can eventually get it centered enough to not drive me crazy. I simply avoid using the areas of the product that are known to corrupt or lose financial data (and there are a bunch!).

But every three years, like some locust swarm, come the emails from Quicken with the news that they have given up trying to support whatever current release I use. I cannot get past the annual jaw-clenching animosity I feel towards the company when I get these so-called "sunset" discontinuance emails about how yet another very recent version of the program is being discontinued, and that one-thrid of current users will either now be forced to pay to upgrade to a new package which is guaranteed to be more bloated and more buggy than the one they have, or else be forced to finally say "No" to the sunsetter coercion and agree to stop getting on-line updates and what Quicken refers to (without any sense of apparent irony) as tech support.

Quicken claims that each new release is a major improvement in the update engine. Although this seems unlikely, given that the development team is arguably in over their heads in so many other aspects of the product, let's assume for a moment that it's True. WHY on EARTH would they spend their time making enhancements when there are so many year-after-year continuations of basic defects that get discussed all over the internet? How about taking one year and making it simply a "quality improvement" release and we'll skip the cool flashy features?

Quicken is really the only game in town , and they act like it. (yeah I know about MS Money and mint.com but they have their own issues)... There are a million of us out here who will bail the instant someone, ANYONE can come up with a reasonable alternative. A company like Intuit, whose customers stay in the fold only because they are shackled through necessity, is a company that will always operate at a suboptimal level, and one that will always be on the precipice to fail.

Quicken 2011 is one more in a long line of bloated, bug-filled offerings from Intuit, further saddled with a fascistic sunsetting policy that brings business thuggery to a new level.  Avoid this product.
I was out at the Costco in early December.  They had the TurboTax display 6 feet inside the door. Another customer and I walked right up to the four products on display.  Bafflement--where's Deluxe??.  Note that the cover says in LARGE letters "Deductions and Homeowners".  Then in teeny tiny font: "deluxe" which we simpletons overlooked. The clerk assured us that the real stuff would arrive soon. All three of us were tricked, and wandered away, cuz it was right there, cleverly camouflaged.

This useless change will cause promotions and bonuses for the executives involved.

There will be more promotions and bonuses the following year when they change it back.  Mama mia!

Topic 16: quicken 0.06488 transactions 0.01867 account 0.01804 accounts 0.01603 bank 0.01533 data 0.01191 update 0.01011 new 0.0096 2013 0.00868 just 0.00792
 How Many: 26822
Here's a blow-by-blow account of the numerous bugs I've encountered using Quicken the last five years. It ain't pretty. The product's just been getting worse since 2002.

Quicken 2008: Was a forced/hostage upgrade from Quicken 2005. You "have" to upgrade since they've cut a deal with the financial institutions to cut off your online access with the institutions if you don't upgrade every three years. Just as found when I was hostage upgraded in 2005 from 2002, there's nothing more than a cosmetic face-lift, no meaningful fixes/improvements -- but there's even more bugs, problems and aggravation.

* Product now will not connect properly to Fidelity; no problem under 2005.

* Took forever to figure out how to turn off a "reminder" function ... that kept reminding me to pay bills already scheduled to be paid using the auto-pay function. 2005 did the same thing and it's not been fixed.

*You can turn off the product registration nag screen ... if you Google to find out how. Product does not have to be registered to use it.

* Un-reconciles accounts six months back every once in a while. I've been assuming that's being caused by a few bytes of bad data that occasionally comes from the financial institutions ... that the Quicken people have not properly coded so as to filter out. This bug also surfaced in 2005. Two weeks into 2008, I've seen it again already.

* You can't turn off the "free update/revision" nag screen unless you take the update. No such nag screen in 2005.

* When connecting, the completion screen used to show which accounts had new transactions to match and had convenient buttons next to each to take you directly to the account. Gone in 2008. Now I have to look through every account each time to see where transactions might have been retrieved.

* Icons everywhere attempting to peddle other unwanted Quicken products. One of the 'product improvements' in 2008.

* Doesn't handle stock distributions correctly (since they were not actually paid for); keeps generating error messages when you enter the correct posting of no cost incurred. Same problem in 2005.

* Tricky screens/checkboxes/prompts that try to bait you into using/enrolling for QuickenDot services when you don't have to or need to. Users that did so now post complaints they can't undo it and that the QuickenDot server is constantly down, causing problems/delays when trying to connect to other accounts using a one-step update.

Yet another company that's grown totally complacent about product quality while wallowing in its assured-for-the-moment revenue stream. It will bite them hard in the long-run. Postings indicate similar complaining regarding the major competitor product, Microsoft Money. If history is any lesson, there's no reason to suspect that these software products will ever get better under these conditions. Some other product will have to steal their customer base before they wake up and smell the coffee.

If you are not already committed to either of those two products, take a good long look at open source software such as GNU Cash.

[Update: April 15, 2008] Does now connect to Fidelity ... occasionally. When I opened the portfolio area today, the entire computer screen flashed with confusion and the product crashed. 2005 never once crashed. Still flashing but no subsequent crashes. Who knows what happened. Not me. Apparently not Quicken programmers either.

[Update: July 12, 2008] Connects to Fidelity now more or less on regular basis. Software still flashes/flickers routinely. Also slow to load, apparently trying to read every single record into RAM, regardless of age. Pop-up screen this morning stating "We've noticed you are not downloading your current Quicken Visa/MasterCard transactions, click here to ..." I don't have one. Obviously a deceptive come-on intended to trick users into the application process for a Quicken credit card. Nice. Still constantly beg-screens me to take the latest software update.

[Update: October 18, 2008] Just downloaded this week's financial transactions and Quicken wiped out four months of reconciliation on one of my credit cards ... again.

[Update: January 10, 2009] Tried to change the amount of an annual repeating payment. Refused to accept the change with the error message "You must make this change and sign on no later than six days before scheduled payment." Payment was set for April 4, 2009, almost three months in the future. I had to delete the payment, log on to make the deletion take effect, then enter the payment all over again for the new amount, then log on again to make that payment take effect. And when I tried to log on I rec'd an error message stating an Internet connection was not detected (a message I get rather often despite my always-on broadband). Luckily I can choose the "Ignore" button and it will go ahead and connect. Quicken programming staff = worthless carpetbaggers.

[Update: March 5, 2009] Wanted to stop an ongoing monthly repeating payment where the next scheduled payment was already in place in my register for March 27. I edited in a change for "how many times" from "unlimited" to "1." In other words, I wanted to pay on March 27 for the last time. When I logged on to the bank the first time, Quicken canceled the March 27 payment. Now doesn't that take the cake--Quicken accounting/finance software programmers are unable to count up to one. And, as all too often anymore, the screen went wacko while I was logging onto the bank.

[Update: March 8, 2009] Quicken just UNreconciled one of my credit cards (again) back to the October, 2008 close. Luckily, its a card I don't use much. I suppose this has something to do with Quicken software coders not understanding the start of Daylight Savings Time.

[Update: March 27, 2009] The repeating payment change I referred to at March 5, 2009? The saga continues. When I tried to enter the NEW repeating payment, it wouldn't take. I entered it, connected to the bank and nothing happened. The payment did not show in the list of repeating payments or in the register. I tried deleting the payee entirely to start over, but Quicken wouldn't/won't let me delete that payee at all. It claims it cannot be deleted because there is a repeating payment in effect ... that would be the payment that is ALREADY canceled. Which means I can't cancel it so I can't delete the payee. To set up the new payment I ended up having to create an entire new payee to make the new payment 'take.' I had to put a dash in the middle of the account number to create the new payee since Quicken won't allow two repeating payments with the exact same account number. And I am still stuck with the old payee on file which I cannot delete at all. I had to call the bank twice just to make sure the durn payment is actually going to be made on time ... and made only once ... and for the correct amount. You would think there would be a way to force deletion of a payee. Then again YOU are thinking, Quicken programmers on the other hand are off somewhere slurping down a latte.

[Update: April 2, 2009] Have an established monthly recurring payment of $X and would like to change it to $Y. Enter the Online Center, click on Repeating. There it is. Click on it then select Edit. Change the amount from $X to $Y. Save the change. Seems simple enough. Log on to the bank. Result: (1) Quicken cancels the next pending payment, on April 19, of $X. So far so good. (2) Quicken enters a pending payment into the checkbook register for $Y dated May 19. Huh? What happened to my April payment? God only knows what will happen if I tinker with this recurring payment any further. I will write a paper check for one month ... and hope for the best.

[Update: July 14, 2009] Quicken is popping up a screen telling me I am overdue on a July 10 payment to a vendor. The register shows the payment was made and cleared on July 10. And it's reminding me to schedule another future payment ... that's already scheduled. It's the same durn thing I was talking about in bullet # 2 at the top of the review, apparently it's a zombie bug that has now risen from the dead. Still begs me to take the Quicken software update constantly.

[Update: September 15, 2009] Quicken has suddenly started reminding me ... once again ... that certain bills are overdue, even though they've already been paid using the automatic monthly payment function. It asks me if I want to delete, pay or skip. I can only guess what havoc might occur if I delete or skip ... so I just keep waiting for the nag screen to eventually go away.

[Update: January 17, 2010] Repeating payment to my HOA increasing by four bucks a month. Learned already the hard way that if you change it by just increasing the payment, it doesn't take. So I first deleted the existing repeating payment entirely (but not the existing payee). Logged onto the bank. Deletion occurred properly. THEN I tried to create a new repeating payment (using the existing payee). Enter all the information - and nothing happens. Just like I never entered it at all. Rebooting, log on to the bank again, no change. So I created a new payee (with slightly different spellings for payee name and account number since those fields define the unique payee). Creation took place properly - after every desktop icon on screen flashed on and off screen for nearly a minute. Logged on to bank to let Quicken advise of new payee. THEN created new payment using the tweaked, new payee. Logged on again. More icon flashing in process. New repeating payment now appears in register. Although it has NOT always done so in the past, THIS TIME Quicken let me delete the old payee. For users that can't figure out these kinds of workarounds, the simple, everyday-routine, core process of adjusting the amount of a repeating payment simply doesn't work. It USED to work in older versions of Quicken, so I can only assume Quicken programmers spend their lazy afternoons destroying old code and functionality - instead of writing new code to fix known bugs.

[Update: January 26, 2010] The above described payment (at four bucks more) was made successfully to the HOA yesterday. In the Quicken Bill Reminder Tray it says I have FOUR payments missing - all to the HOA, all at the new 'four bucks more' amount, two of them due yesterday and two of them due today. As always when this tray incorrectly reports overdue payments, the tray's three choices are Enter, Edit and Skip. Which one would you dare use to try to get the stuff to disappear? If you choose Skip, will it take the payment back? Maybe in the mirror-image BizarroWorld that is Quicken software.

[Update: July 25, 2010] Used a certain credit card last month (that hadn't been used otherwise in about eight months). The account had been live and retrieving transactions without incident for years. The account password is saved in Quicken so that it can do so. But guess what, those new transactions did not retrieve after multiple log-ons (using Quicken's "one-step update" which logs on to all active accounts in a single pass). Quicken reflects the account as active for transaction retrieval, everything AOK. Quicken also reflects the connection took place with the account without error. If I didn't KNOW I had transactions not retrieved, I wouldn't have had the least idea there was an error. Not that Quicken would give me the least indication to do so, I went ahead and tried solving the error by re-running the account through the 'online initialization' process again. It worked. The transactions then retrieved normally. HOWEVER the NEXT time I tried to run through the logon/retrieval process, Quicken demanded I provide the account's password. That would be the very same password it had in storage to begin with - and that I JUST provided to Quicken a SECOND time when I did the re-initialization. Dumb, dumb, dumb. Also, after the re-initialization, I started getting a message that claims 'your last update attempt was not successful, do you want to re-try?" I figure that erroneous message will resolve itself after enough time has eroded since 'my last update attempt.'

[Update: August 8, 2010] I wanted to change the amount for a repeating payment (the equal pay plan for my utility bill was adjusted), so I used the `change' function. Kick me in the *** because (1) using the obviously correct approach in Quicken often means trouble and (2) I've tried this before and it's a major fail. I opened the repeating payment, changed the amount and clicked the OK button. As I was signing on, Quicken advised it would be changing the payment amount just exactly as I had entered it. Result: both payments, old and new, are in the register. I marked the old payment for deletion and re-connected to the bank. The bank generated an error message stating that the old payment had already been cancelled. I tried deleting the old payment from my register and it won't budge. It demands that I must log on in order to complete the deletion. As I just said, when I logged on the bank refused to recognize the deletion request.

OK. I have a new plan for opening a can of whoop@ss on Quicken's demons. I will delete the NEW payment, then delete the payee entirely. Then Quicken will HAVE to let go of the old payment, right? Then I will re-create the payee. I marked the new payment for deletion and logged on. It WAS deleted at both the bank AND in the Quicken register. But when I try to delete the payee, Quicken says "cannot delete payee for which there are repeating online payments scheduled." Go to the screen that lists all the repeating payments. Nothing there. Go back to the register. The old payment is still there. The old payment that refuses to be deleted until it yaks with the bank ... too bad the bank says it's already deleted and won't yak. Totally screwed by Quicken again.

Eventually I discover via Googling that Quicken has an undocumented save posted in their support blogs - to use CTRL to force the deletion of the old payment. It works. I suppose that's worth half-a-point. OK, now let's put the new payment back (like it was before I deleted it). I enter all the information, click OK. Nothing happens. Acts like I entered nothing at all. Try it three times, zippo. I look in the list of repeating payments. I look in the transactions pending for transmission. I look in the register. Nothing. Unfortunately I've been here before. This entire process has "imploded" the payee, making it unusable.  I'll have to create an entirely new payee. I go to delete the old payee. It won't let me. It STILL insists I have repeating payments outstanding against it. Whattaeffing piece of software cr@pola.

I already have two other old payees I can't delete that act just like this ... even though they haven't been involved any kind of payment in at least a year. Quicken says in that same support blog webpage that using the CTRL key also forces payee deletions. Wrong, wrong, wrong. Can't get rid of it. (You can see these kinds of problems also discussed earlier in this review.) I will have to put a space or something in the account number to create a brand new payee, since that account number has already been "used" and Quicken won't let me re-use it. And I am stuck with another old payee I can't delete.

Oh, and down in my tab titled "Scheduled Bills & Deposits Due" I still  (as described above) have listed FOUR TIMES my monthly HOA payment, as being overdue from 13 days ago. (It's a repeating monthly payment set up in Quicken months ago, and it was already paid on schedule.) The four listings are actually two pairs of amounts, each pair one day apart. All of these are artifacts from where I tried to adjust that repeating payment amount when I experienced an increase. The three choices are "enter" "edit" or "skip" I've learned to wait until well after the bill is actually paid, then enter "skip." Otherwise it may well try to pay twice. (I've already described this particular bug up above ... just a reminder, it never goes away.) Bottom line:  since about 2005, the Quicken product has become totally effed up.

I am now about six months now from the next cycle of Quicken's "sunset policy." Every three years, you have to pay for the Quicken upgrade or they cut off your ability to download transactions from your financial institutions (Quicken servers are the `middle man" between your software and the institutions). Maybe it's time to migrate to competing software product that works right, only has to be bought once ... and connects directly to my institution to collect unadulterated data!

When Quicken goes under, I'm going to wear a pink tuxedo to the funeral.

[UPDATE: August 14, 2010] FREE AT LAST, FREE AT LAST !! After that last fiasco, I decided why invest more time trying to solve the Quicken problem ... when I could invest that time migrating to Moneydance 2010.

Moneydance, what a dream come True! And much less painful a migration that I imagined. Just buy the license at the website first, then download&install the product. Here's a couple of key points I learned (the hard way) that should make your migration run smooth as silk:

* Export the data from Quicken using the "all accounts' option (not one account at a time). I had to look for it but that choice WAS in the Quicken drop-down list.

* When importing IGNORE any advice Moneydance offers that you ought check the "Import account info only" option (ie, to import the structure/tables/fieldnames first, then to go back and re-do the procedure to get the data records). When I followed that advice, I had all sorts of screwy issues, records landing every which way. When I DID NOT check the box (in essence asking Moneydance to import everything in one fell swoop - both records & structure/tables/fieldnames for all of the Quicken accounts) everything dropped right into place, ready to roll. The only record that did not import correctly (and I had ten years of records over about fifteen accounts) was the "original transfer balance in" for one account.

After that I did have to do some minor clean-up for a while - entering stock symbols, entering the names I wanted to use for the accounts, other account details such as my credit card numbers. To make the stock prices update in real time (for some reason) you have to manually add-in two developer extensions. Easy to do (so long as you realize that you have to do it) and the user's guide explains how exactly. Quick and no glitches.

Moneydance swims slick as an eel. Downloading of records only takes three or four seconds at most. With Quicken it took a lot longer. Moneydance is connecting direct to the institution; Quicken is running you through its own server as an intermediary. I wouldn't be the least bit surprised to find that a lot of my earlier issues (such as missing or duplicate records) that I did NOT post in my reviews (since I did not attribute them to Quicken) turn out to disappear. Because they were being CAUSED by Quicken's intermediary server. We'll see.

The online banking download setup was easy, but there were the most minor of issues. Moneydance did not have any idea of course when the last download was done (with Quicken), so it retrieved all the available records at the institutions. (Be smart and bring your Quicken accounts and downloads totally current and as reconciled as possible BEFORE you export them.) Also, where I had multiple accounts at one institution, it got confused first go-round, mixing them all up - and changing the account numbers in the setup parameters. I just deleted all the downloaded records and went back and re-entered the correct account numbers. After adjusting that first `initializing' download for each account, no problems.

I haven't started using the `setup payments through Moneydance' feature yet. My bet it'll be easy.

Moneydance. Just do it.
When Quicken goes under, I'm going to wear a pink tuxedo to the funeral.

[These comments are based on my continuing nightmare of lousy experiences with Quicken Deluxe 2008. This software, which has been getting continually worse since 2002, couldn't have possibly improved since then ... ]

For me Quicken 2008 was a forced/hostage upgrade from Quicken 2005. You "have" to upgrade since they've cut a deal with the financial institutions to cut off your online access with the institutions if you don't upgrade every three years. Just as found when I was hostage upgraded in 2005 from 2002, there's nothing more than a cosmetic face-lift, no meaningful fixes/improvements -- but there's even more bugs, problems and aggravation.

* Product now will not connect properly to Fidelity; no problem under 2005.

* Took forever to figure out how to turn off a "reminder" function ... that kept reminding me to pay bills already scheduled to be
paid using the auto-pay function. 2005 did the same thing and it's not been fixed.

*You can turn off the product registration nag screen ... if you Google to find out how. Product does not have to be registered to use it.

* Un-reconciles accounts six months back every once in a while. I've been assuming that's being caused by a few bytes of bad data that occasionally comes from the financial institutions ... that the Quicken people have not properly coded so as to filter out. This bug also surfaced in 2005. Two weeks into 2008, I've seen it again already.

* You can't turn off the "free update/revision" nag screen unless you take the update. No such nag screen in 2005.

* When connecting, the completion screen used to show which accounts had new transactions to match and had convenient buttons next to each to take you directly to the account. Gone in 2008. Now I have to look through every account each time to see where transactions might have been retrieved.

* Icons everywhere attempting to peddle other unwanted Quicken products. One of the 'product improvements' in 2008.

* Doesn't handle stock distributions correctly (since they were not actually paid for); keeps generating error messages when you enter the correct posting of no cost incurred. Same problem in 2005.

* Tricky screens/checkboxes/prompts that try to bait you into using/enrolling for QuickenDot services when you don't have to or need to. Users that did so now post complaints they can't undo it and that the QuickenDot server is constantly down, causing problems/delays when trying to connect to other accounts using a one-step update.

Yet another company that's grown totally complacent about product quality while wallowing in its assured-for-the-moment revenue stream. It will bite them hard in the long-run. Postings indicate similar complaining regarding the major competitor product, Microsoft Money. If history is any lesson, there's no reason to suspect that these software products will ever get better under these conditions. Some other product will have to steal their customer base before they wake up and smell the coffee.

If you are not already committed to either of those two products, take a good long look at open source software such as GNU Cash.

[Update: April 15, 2008] Does now connect to Fidelity ... occasionally. When I opened the portfolio area today, the entire computer screen flashed with confusion and the product crashed. 2005 never once crashed. Still flashing but no subsequent crashes. Who knows what happened. Not me. Apparently not Quicken programmers either.

[Update: July 12, 2008] Connects to Fidelity now more or less on regular basis. Software still flashes/flickers routinely. Also slow to load, apparently trying to read every single record into RAM, regardless of age. Pop-up screen this morning stating "We've noticed you are not downloading your current Quicken Visa/MasterCard transactions, click here to ..." I don't have one. Obviously a deceptive come-on intended to trick users into the application process for a Quicken credit card. Nice. Still constantly beg-screens me to take the latest software update.

[Update: October 18, 2008] Just downloaded this week's financial transactions and Quicken wiped out four months of reconciliation on one of my credit cards ... again.

[Update: January 10, 2009] Tried to change the amount of an annual repeating payment. Refused to accept the change with the error message "You must make this change and sign on no later than six days before scheduled payment." Payment was set for April 4, 2009, almost three months in the future. I had to delete the payment, log on to make the deletion take effect, then enter the payment all over again for the new amount, then log on again to make that payment take effect. And when I tried to log on I rec'd an error message stating an Internet connection was not detected (a message I get rather often despite my always-on broadband). Luckily I can choose the "Ignore" button and it will go ahead and connect. Quicken programming staff = worthless carpetbaggers.

[Update: March 5, 2009] Wanted to stop an ongoing monthly repeating payment where the next scheduled payment was already in place in my register for March 27. I edited in a change for "how many times" from "unlimited" to "1." In other words, I wanted to pay on March 27 for the last time. When I logged on to the bank the first time, Quicken canceled the March 27 payment. Now doesn't that take the cake--Quicken accounting/finance software programmers are unable to count up to one. And, as all too often anymore, the screen went wacko while I was logging onto the bank.

[Update: March 8, 2009] Quicken just UNreconciled one of my credit cards (again) back to the October, 2008 close. Luckily, its a card I don't use much. I suppose this has something to do with Quicken software coders not understanding the start of Daylight Savings Time.

[Update: March 27, 2009] The repeating payment change I referred to at March 5, 2009? The saga continues. When I tried to enter the NEW repeating payment, it wouldn't take. I entered it, connected to the bank and nothing happened. The payment did not show in the list of repeating payments or in the register. I tried deleting the payee entirely to start over, but Quicken wouldn't/won't let me delete that payee at all. It claims it cannot be deleted because there is a repeating payment in effect ... that would be the payment that is ALREADY canceled. Which means I can't cancel it so I can't delete the payee. To set up the new payment I ended up having to create an entire new payee to make the new payment 'take.' I had to put a dash in the middle of the account number to create the new payee since Quicken won't allow two repeating payments with the exact same account number. And I am still stuck with the old payee on file which I cannot delete at all. I had to call the bank twice just to make sure the durn payment is actually going to be made on time ... and made only once ... and for the correct amount. You would think there would be a way to force deletion of a payee. Then again YOU are thinking, Quicken programmers on the other hand are off somewhere slurping down a latte.

[Update: April 2, 2009] Have an established monthly recurring payment of $[...] and would like to change it to $[...]. Enter the Online Center, click on Repeating. There it is. Click on it then select Edit. Change the amount from $[...] to $[...]. Save the change. Seems simple enough. Log on to the bank. Result: (1) Quicken cancels the next pending payment, on April 19, of $[...]. So far so good. (2) Quicken enters a pending payment into the checkbook register for $[...] dated May 19. Huh? What happened to my April payment? God only knows what will happen if I tinker with this recurring payment any further. I will write a paper check for one month ... and hope for the best. A[...]

[Update: July 14, 2009] Quicken is popping up a screen telling me I am overdue on a July 10 payment to a vendor for $[...]. The register shows the payment was made and cleared on July 10. And it's reminding me to schedule another future payment ... that's already scheduled. It's the same durn thing I was talking about in bullet # 2 at the top of the review, apparently it's a zombie bug that has now risen from the dead. Still begs me to take the Quicken software update constantly.

[Update: September 15, 2009] Quicken has suddenly started reminding me ... once again ... that certain bills are overdue, even though they've already been paid using the automatic monthly payment function. It asks me if I want to delete, pay or skip. I can only guess what havoc might occur if I delete or skip ... so I just keep waiting for the nag screen to eventually go away.

[Update: January 17, 2010] Repeating payment to my HOA increasing by four bucks a month. Learned already the hard way that if you change it by just increasing the payment, it doesn't take. So I first deleted the existing repeating payment entirely (but not the existing payee). Logged onto the bank. Deletion occurred properly. THEN I tried to create a new repeating payment (using the existing payee). Enter all the information - and nothing happens. Just like I never entered it at all. Rebooting, log on to the bank again, no change. So I created a new payee (with slightly different spellings for payee name and account number since those fields define the unique payee). Creation took place properly - after every desktop icon on screen flashed on and off screen for nearly a minute. Logged on to bank to let Quicken advise of new payee. THEN created new payment using the tweaked, new payee. Logged on again. More icon flashing in process. New repeating payment now appears in register. Although it has NOT always done so in the past, THIS TIME Quicken let me delete the old payee. For users that can't figure out these kinds of workarounds, the simple, everyday-routine, core process of adjusting the amount of a repeating payment simply doesn't work. It USED to work in older versions of Quicken, so I can only assume Quicken programmers spend their lazy afternoons destroying old code and functionality - instead of writing new code to fix known bugs.

[Update: January 26, 2010] The above described payment (at four bucks more) was made successfully to the HOA yesterday. In the Quicken Bill Reminder Tray it says I have FOUR payments missing - all to the HOA, all at the new 'four bucks more' amount, two of them due yesterday and two of them due today. As always when this tray incorrectly reports overdue payments, the tray's three choices are Enter, Edit and Skip. Which one would you dare use to try to get the stuff to disappear? If you choose Skip, will it take the payment back? Maybe in the mirror-image BizarroWorld that is Quicken software.

[Update: July 25, 2010] Used a certain credit card last month (that hadn't been used otherwise in about eight months). The account had been live and retrieving transactions without incident for years. The account password is saved in Quicken so that it can do so. But guess what, those new transactions did not retrieve after multiple log-ons (using Quicken's "one-step update" which logs on to all active accounts in a single pass). Quicken reflects the account as active for transaction retrieval, everything AOK. Quicken also reflects the connection took place with the account without error. If I didn't KNOW I had transactions not retrieved, I wouldn't have had the least idea there was an error. Not that Quicken would give me the least indication to do so, I went ahead and tried solving the error by re-running the account through the 'online initialization' process again. It worked. The transactions then retrieved normally. HOWEVER the NEXT time I tried to run through the logon/retrieval process, Quicken demanded I provide the account's password. That would be the very same password it had in storage to begin with - and that I JUST provided to Quicken a SECOND time when I did the re-initialization. Dumb, dumb, dumb. Also, after the re-initialization, I started getting a message that claims 'your last update attempt was not successful, do you want to re-try?" I figure that erroneous message will resolve itself after enough time has eroded since 'my last update attempt.'

[Update: August 8, 2010] I wanted to change the amount for a repeating payment (the equal pay plan for my utility bill was adjusted), so I used the `change' function. Kick me in the *** because (1) using the obviously correct approach in Quicken often means trouble and (2) I've tried this before and it's a major fail. I opened the repeating payment, changed the amount and clicked the OK button. As I was signing on, Quicken advised it would be changing the payment amount just exactly as I had entered it. Result: both payments, old and new, are in the register. I marked the old payment for deletion and re-connected to the bank. The bank generated an error message stating that the old payment had already been cancelled. I tried deleting the old payment from my register and it won't budge. It demands that I must log on in order to complete the deletion. As I just said, when I logged on the bank refused to recognize the deletion request.

OK. I have a new plan for opening a can of whoop@ss on Quicken's demons. I will delete the NEW payment, then delete the payee entirely. Then Quicken will HAVE to let go of the old payment, right? Then I will re-create the payee. I marked the new payment for deletion and logged on. It WAS deleted at both the bank AND in the Quicken register. But when I try to delete the payee, Quicken says "cannot delete payee for which there are repeating online payments scheduled." Go to the screen that lists all the repeating payments. Nothing there. Go back to the register. The old payment is still there. The old payment that refuses to be deleted until it yaks with the bank ... too bad the bank says it's already deleted and won't yak. Totally screwed by Quicken again.

Eventually I discover via Googling that Quicken has an undocumented save posted in their support blogs - to use CTRL to force the deletion of the old payment. It works. I suppose that's worth half-a-point. OK, now let's put the new payment back (like it was before I deleted it). I enter all the information, click OK. Nothing happens. Acts like I entered nothing at all. Try it three times, zippo. I look in the list of repeating payments. I look in the transactions pending for transmission. I look in the register. Nothing. Unfortunately I've been here before. This entire process has "imploded" the payee, making it unusable.  I'll have to create an entirely new payee. I go to delete the old payee. It won't let me. It STILL insists I have repeating payments outstanding against it. Whattaeffing piece of software cr@pola.

I already have two other old payees I can't delete that act just like this ... even though they haven't been involved any kind of payment in at least a year. Quicken says in that same support blog webpage that using the CTRL key also forces payee deletions. Wrong, wrong, wrong. Can't get rid of it. (You can see these kinds of problems also discussed earlier in this review.) I will have to put a space or something in the account number to create a brand new payee, since that account number has already been "used" and Quicken won't let me re-use it. And I am stuck with another old payee I can't delete.

Oh, and down in my tab titled "Scheduled Bills & Deposits Due" I still  (as described above) have listed FOUR TIMES my monthly HOA payment, as being overdue from 13 days ago. (It's a repeating monthly payment set up in Quicken months ago, and it was already paid on schedule.) The four listings are actually two pairs of amounts, each pair one day apart. All of these are artifacts from where I tried to adjust that repeating payment amount when I experienced an increase. The three choices are "enter" "edit" or "skip" I've learned to wait until well after the bill is actually paid, then enter "skip." Otherwise it may well try to pay twice. (I've already described this particular bug up above ... just a reminder, it never goes away.) Bottom line:  since about 2005, the Quicken product has become totally effed up.

I am now about six months now from the next cycle of Quicken's "sunset policy." Every three years, you have to pay for the Quicken upgrade or they cut off your ability to download transactions from your financial institutions (Quicken servers are the `middle man" between your software and the institutions). Maybe it's time to migrate to competing software product that works right, only has to be bought once ... and connects directly to my institution to collect unadulterated data!

[UPDATE: August 14, 2010] FREE AT LAST, FREE AT LAST !! After that last fiasco, I decided why invest more time trying to solve the Quicken problem ... when I could invest that time migrating to Moneydance 2010.

Moneydance, what a dream come True! And much less painful a migration that I imagined. Just buy the license at the website first, then download&install the product. Here's a couple of key points I learned (the hard way) that should make your migration run smooth as silk:

* Export the data from Quicken using the "all accounts' option (not one account at a time). I had to look for it but that choice WAS in the Quicken drop-down list.

* When importing IGNORE any advice Moneydance offers that you ought check the "Import account info only" option (ie, to import the structure/tables/fieldnames first, then to go back and re-do the procedure to get the data records). When I followed that advice, I had all sorts of screwy issues, records landing every which way. When I DID NOT check the box (in essence asking Moneydance to import everything in one fell swoop - both records & structure/tables/fieldnames for all of the Quicken accounts) everything dropped right into place, ready to roll. The only record that did not import correctly (and I had ten years of records over about fifteen accounts) was the "original transfer balance in" for one account.

After that I did have to do some minor clean-up for a while - entering stock symbols, entering the names I wanted to use for the accounts, other account details such as my credit card numbers. To make the stock prices update in real time (for some reason) you have to manually add-in two developer extensions. Easy to do (so long as you realize that you have to do it) and the user's guide explains how exactly. Quick and no glitches.

Moneydance swims slick as an eel. Downloading of records only takes three or four seconds at most. With Quicken it took a lot longer. Moneydance is connecting direct to the institution; Quicken is running you through its own server as an intermediary. I wouldn't be the least bit surprised to find that a lot of my earlier issues (such as missing or duplicate records) that I did NOT post in my reviews (since I did not attribute them to Quicken) turn out to disappear. Because they were being CAUSED by Quicken's intermediary server. We'll see.

The online banking download setup was easy, but there were the most minor of issues. Moneydance did not have any idea of course when the last download was done (with Quicken), so it retrieved all the available records at the institutions. (Be smart and bring your Quicken accounts and downloads totally current and as reconciled as possible BEFORE you export them.) Also, where I had multiple accounts at one institution, it got confused first go-round, mixing them all up - and changing the account numbers in the setup parameters. I just deleted all the downloaded records and went back and re-entered the correct account numbers. After adjusting that first 'initializing' download for each account, no problems.

I haven't started using the 'setup payments through Moneydance' feature yet. My bet it'll be easy.

Moneydance. Just do it.
When Quicken goes under, I'm going to wear a pink tuxedo to the funeral.

[These comments are based on my continuing nightmare of lousy experiences with Quicken Deluxe 2008. This software, which has been getting continually worse since 2002, couldn't have possibly improved since then ... ]

For me Quicken 2008 was a forced/hostage upgrade from Quicken 2005. You "have" to upgrade since they've cut a deal with the financial institutions to cut off your online access with the institutions if you don't upgrade every three years. Just as found when I was hostage upgraded in 2005 from 2002, there's nothing more than a cosmetic face-lift, no meaningful fixes/improvements -- but there's even more bugs, problems and aggravation.

* Product now will not connect properly to Fidelity; no problem under 2005.

* Took forever to figure out how to turn off a "reminder" function ... that kept reminding me to pay bills already scheduled to be paid using the auto-pay function. 2005 did the same thing and it's not been fixed.

*You can turn off the product registration nag screen ... if you Google to find out how. Product does not have to be registered to use it.

* Un-reconciles accounts six months back every once in a while. I've been assuming that's being caused by a few bytes of bad data that occasionally comes from the financial institutions ... that the Quicken people have not properly coded so as to filter out. This bug also surfaced in 2005. Two weeks into 2008, I've seen it again already.

* You can't turn off the "free update/revision" nag screen unless you take the update. No such nag screen in 2005.

* When connecting, the completion screen used to show which accounts had new transactions to match and had convenient buttons next to each to take you directly to the account. Gone in 2008. Now I have to look through every account each time to see where transactions might have been retrieved.

* Icons everywhere attempting to peddle other unwanted Quicken products. One of the 'product improvements' in 2008.

* Doesn't handle stock distributions correctly (since they were not actually paid for); keeps generating error messages when you enter the correct posting of no cost incurred. Same problem in 2005.

* Tricky screens/checkboxes/prompts that try to bait you into using/enrolling for QuickenDot services when you don't have to or need to. Users that did so now post complaints they can't undo it and that the QuickenDot server is constantly down, causing problems/delays when trying to connect to other accounts using a one-step update.

Yet another company that's grown totally complacent about product quality while wallowing in its assured-for-the-moment revenue stream. It will bite them hard in the long-run. Postings indicate similar complaining regarding the major competitor product, Microsoft Money. If history is any lesson, there's no reason to suspect that these software products will ever get better under these conditions. Some other product will have to steal their customer base before they wake up and smell the coffee.

If you are not already committed to either of those two products, take a good long look at open source software such as GNU Cash.

[Update: April 15, 2008] Does now connect to Fidelity ... occasionally. When I opened the portfolio area today, the entire computer screen flashed with confusion and the product crashed. 2005 never once crashed. Still flashing but no subsequent crashes. Who knows what happened. Not me. Apparently not Quicken programmers either.

[Update: July 12, 2008] Connects to Fidelity now more or less on regular basis. Software still flashes/flickers routinely. Also slow to load, apparently trying to read every single record into RAM, regardless of age. Pop-up screen this morning stating "We've noticed you are not downloading your current Quicken Visa/MasterCard transactions, click here to ..." I don't have one. Obviously a deceptive come-on intended to trick users into the application process for a Quicken credit card. Nice. Still constantly beg-screens me to take the latest software update.

[Update: October 18, 2008] Just downloaded this week's financial transactions and Quicken wiped out four months of reconciliation on one of my credit cards ... again.

[Update: January 10, 2009] Tried to change the amount of an annual repeating payment. Refused to accept the change with the error message "You must make this change and sign on no later than six days before scheduled payment." Payment was set for April 4, 2009, almost three months in the future. I had to delete the payment, log on to make the deletion take effect, then enter the payment all over again for the new amount, then log on again to make that payment take effect. And when I tried to log on I rec'd an error message stating an Internet connection was not detected (a message I get rather often despite my always-on broadband). Luckily I can choose the "Ignore" button and it will go ahead and connect. Quicken programming staff = worthless carpetbaggers.

[Update: March 5, 2009] Wanted to stop an ongoing monthly repeating payment where the next scheduled payment was already in place in my register for March 27. I edited in a change for "how many times" from "unlimited" to "1." In other words, I wanted to pay on March 27 for the last time. When I logged on to the bank the first time, Quicken canceled the March 27 payment. Now doesn't that take the cake--Quicken accounting/finance software programmers are unable to count up to one. And, as all too often anymore, the screen went wacko while I was logging onto the bank.

[Update: March 8, 2009] Quicken just UNreconciled one of my credit cards (again) back to the October, 2008 close. Luckily, its a card I don't use much. I suppose this has something to do with Quicken software coders not understanding the start of Daylight Savings Time.

[Update: March 27, 2009] The repeating payment change I referred to at March 5, 2009? The saga continues. When I tried to enter the NEW repeating payment, it wouldn't take. I entered it, connected to the bank and nothing happened. The payment did not show in the list of repeating payments or in the register. I tried deleting the payee entirely to start over, but Quicken wouldn't/won't let me delete that payee at all. It claims it cannot be deleted because there is a repeating payment in effect ... that would be the payment that is ALREADY canceled. Which means I can't cancel it so I can't delete the payee. To set up the new payment I ended up having to create an entire new payee to make the new payment 'take.' I had to put a dash in the middle of the account number to create the new payee since Quicken won't allow two repeating payments with the exact same account number. And I am still stuck with the old payee on file which I cannot delete at all. I had to call the bank twice just to make sure the durn payment is actually going to be made on time ... and made only once ... and for the correct amount. You would think there would be a way to force deletion of a payee. Then again YOU are thinking, Quicken programmers on the other hand are off somewhere slurping down a latte.

[Update: April 2, 2009] Have an established monthly recurring payment of $[...] and would like to change it to $[...]. Enter the Online Center, click on Repeating. There it is. Click on it then select Edit. Change the amount from $[...] to $[...]. Save the change. Seems simple enough. Log on to the bank. Result: (1) Quicken cancels the next pending payment, on April 19, of $[...]. So far so good. (2) Quicken enters a pending payment into the checkbook register for $[...] dated May 19. Huh? What happened to my April payment? God only knows what will happen if I tinker with this recurring payment any further. I will write a paper check for one month ... and hope for the best. A[...]

[Update: July 14, 2009] Quicken is popping up a screen telling me I am overdue on a July 10 payment to a vendor for $[...]. The register shows the payment was made and cleared on July 10. And it's reminding me to schedule another future payment ... that's already scheduled. It's the same durn thing I was talking about in bullet # 2 at the top of the review, apparently it's a zombie bug that has now risen from the dead. Still begs me to take the Quicken software update constantly.

[Update: September 15, 2009] Quicken has suddenly started reminding me ... once again ... that certain bills are overdue, even though they've already been paid using the automatic monthly payment function. It asks me if I want to delete, pay or skip. I can only guess what havoc might occur if I delete or skip ... so I just keep waiting for the nag screen to eventually go away.

[Update: January 17, 2010] Repeating payment to my HOA increasing by four bucks a month. Learned already the hard way that if you change it by just increasing the payment, it doesn't take. So I first deleted the existing repeating payment entirely (but not the existing payee). Logged onto the bank. Deletion occurred properly. THEN I tried to create a new repeating payment (using the existing payee). Enter all the information - and nothing happens. Just like I never entered it at all. Rebooting, log on to the bank again, no change. So I created a new payee (with slightly different spellings for payee name and account number since those fields define the unique payee). Creation took place properly - after every desktop icon on screen flashed on and off screen for nearly a minute. Logged on to bank to let Quicken advise of new payee. THEN created new payment using the tweaked, new payee. Logged on again. More icon flashing in process. New repeating payment now appears in register. Although it has NOT always done so in the past, THIS TIME Quicken let me delete the old payee. For users that can't figure out these kinds of workarounds, the simple, everyday-routine, core process of adjusting the amount of a repeating payment simply doesn't work. It USED to work in older versions of Quicken, so I can only assume Quicken programmers spend their lazy afternoons destroying old code and functionality - instead of writing new code to fix known bugs.

[Update: January 26, 2010] The above described payment (at four bucks more) was made successfully to the HOA yesterday. In the Quicken Bill Reminder Tray it says I have FOUR payments missing - all to the HOA, all at the new 'four bucks more' amount, two of them due yesterday and two of them due today. As always when this tray incorrectly reports overdue payments, the tray's three choices are Enter, Edit and Skip. Which one would you dare use to try to get the stuff to disappear? If you choose Skip, will it take the payment back? Maybe in the mirror-image BizarroWorld that is Quicken software.

[Update: July 25, 2010] Used a certain credit card last month (that hadn't been used otherwise in about eight months). The account had been live and retrieving transactions without incident for years. The account password is saved in Quicken so that it can do so. But guess what, those new transactions did not retrieve after multiple log-ons (using Quicken's "one-step update" which logs on to all active accounts in a single pass). Quicken reflects the account as active for transaction retrieval, everything AOK. Quicken also reflects the connection took place with the account without error. If I didn't KNOW I had transactions not retrieved, I wouldn't have had the least idea there was an error. Not that Quicken would give me the least indication to do so, I went ahead and tried solving the error by re-running the account through the 'online initialization' process again. It worked. The transactions then retrieved normally. HOWEVER the NEXT time I tried to run through the logon/retrieval process, Quicken demanded I provide the account's password. That would be the very same password it had in storage to begin with - and that I JUST provided to Quicken a SECOND time when I did the re-initialization. Dumb, dumb, dumb. Also, after the re-initialization, I started getting a message that claims 'your last update attempt was not successful, do you want to re-try?" I figure that erroneous message will resolve itself after enough time has eroded since 'my last update attempt.'

[Update: August 8, 2010] I wanted to change the amount for a repeating payment (the equal pay plan for my utility bill was adjusted), so I used the `change' function. Kick me in the *** because (1) using the obviously correct approach in Quicken often means trouble and (2) I've tried this before and it's a major fail. I opened the repeating payment, changed the amount and clicked the OK button. As I was signing on, Quicken advised it would be changing the payment amount just exactly as I had entered it. Result: both payments, old and new, are in the register. I marked the old payment for deletion and re-connected to the bank. The bank generated an error message stating that the old payment had already been cancelled. I tried deleting the old payment from my register and it won't budge. It demands that I must log on in order to complete the deletion. As I just said, when I logged on the bank refused to recognize the deletion request.

OK. I have a new plan for opening a can of whoop@ss on Quicken's demons. I will delete the NEW payment, then delete the payee entirely. Then Quicken will HAVE to let go of the old payment, right? Then I will re-create the payee. I marked the new payment for deletion and logged on. It WAS deleted at both the bank AND in the Quicken register. But when I try to delete the payee, Quicken says "cannot delete payee for which there are repeating online payments scheduled." Go to the screen that lists all the repeating payments. Nothing there. Go back to the register. The old payment is still there. The old payment that refuses to be deleted until it yaks with the bank ... too bad the bank says it's already deleted and won't yak. Totally screwed by Quicken again.

Eventually I discover via Googling that Quicken has an undocumented save posted in their support blogs - to use CTRL to force the deletion of the old payment. It works. I suppose that's worth half-a-point. OK, now let's put the new payment back (like it was before I deleted it). I enter all the information, click OK. Nothing happens. Acts like I entered nothing at all. Try it three times, zippo. I look in the list of repeating payments. I look in the transactions pending for transmission. I look in the register. Nothing. Unfortunately I've been here before. This entire process has "imploded" the payee, making it unusable.  I'll have to create an entirely new payee. I go to delete the old payee. It won't let me. It STILL insists I have repeating payments outstanding against it. Whattaeffing piece of software cr@pola.

I already have two other old payees I can't delete that act just like this ... even though they haven't been involved any kind of payment in at least a year. Quicken says in that same support blog webpage that using the CTRL key also forces payee deletions. Wrong, wrong, wrong. Can't get rid of it. (You can see these kinds of problems also discussed earlier in this review.) I will have to put a space or something in the account number to create a brand new payee, since that account number has already been "used" and Quicken won't let me re-use it. And I am stuck with another old payee I can't delete.

Oh, and down in my tab titled "Scheduled Bills & Deposits Due" I still  (as described above) have listed FOUR TIMES my monthly HOA payment, as being overdue from 13 days ago. (It's a repeating monthly payment set up in Quicken months ago, and it was already paid on schedule.) The four listings are actually two pairs of amounts, each pair one day apart. All of these are artifacts from where I tried to adjust that repeating payment amount when I experienced an increase. The three choices are "enter" "edit" or "skip" I've learned to wait until well after the bill is actually paid, then enter "skip." Otherwise it may well try to pay twice. (I've already described this particular bug up above ... just a reminder, it never goes away.) Bottom line:  since about 2005, the Quicken product has become totally effed up.

I am now about six months now from the next cycle of Quicken's "sunset policy." Every three years, you have to pay for the Quicken upgrade or they cut off your ability to download transactions from your financial institutions (Quicken servers are the `middle man" between your software and the institutions). Maybe it's time to migrate to competing software product that works right, only has to be bought once ... and connects directly to my institution to collect unadulterated data!

[UPDATE: August 14, 2010] FREE AT LAST, FREE AT LAST !! After that last fiasco, I decided why invest more time trying to solve the Quicken problem ... when I could invest that time migrating to Moneydance 2010.

Moneydance, what a dream come True! And much less painful a migration that I imagined. Just buy the license at the website first, then download&install the product. Here's a couple of key points I learned (the hard way) that should make your migration run smooth as silk:

* Export the data from Quicken using the "all accounts' option (not one account at a time). I had to look for it but that choice WAS in the Quicken drop-down list.

* When importing IGNORE any advice Moneydance offers that you ought check the "Import account info only" option (ie, to import the structure/tables/fieldnames first, then to go back and re-do the procedure to get the data records). When I followed that advice, I had all sorts of screwy issues, records landing every which way. When I DID NOT check the box (in essence asking Moneydance to import everything in one fell swoop - both records & structure/tables/fieldnames for all of the Quicken accounts) everything dropped right into place, ready to roll. The only record that did not import correctly (and I had ten years of records over about fifteen accounts) was the "original transfer balance in" for one account.

After that I did have to do some minor clean-up for a while - entering stock symbols, entering the names I wanted to use for the accounts, other account details such as my credit card numbers. To make the stock prices update in real time (for some reason) you have to manually add-in two developer extensions. Easy to do (so long as you realize that you have to do it) and the user's guide explains how exactly. Quick and no glitches.

Moneydance swims slick as an eel. Downloading of records only takes three or four seconds at most. With Quicken it took a lot longer. Moneydance is connecting direct to the institution; Quicken is running you through its own server as an intermediary. I wouldn't be the least bit surprised to find that a lot of my earlier issues (such as missing or duplicate records) that I did NOT post in my reviews (since I did not attribute them to Quicken) turn out to disappear. Because they were being CAUSED by Quicken's intermediary server. We'll see.

The online banking download setup was easy, but there were the most minor of issues. Moneydance did not have any idea of course when the last download was done (with Quicken), so it retrieved all the available records at the institutions. (Be smart and bring your Quicken accounts and downloads totally current and as reconciled as possible BEFORE you export them.) Also, where I had multiple accounts at one institution, it got confused first go-round, mixing them all up - and changing the account numbers in the setup parameters. I just deleted all the downloaded records and went back and re-entered the correct account numbers. After adjusting that first 'initializing' download for each account, no problems.

I haven't started using the 'setup payments through Moneydance' feature yet. My bet it'll be easy.

Moneydance. Just do it.
Quicken: Welcome to Quicken chat support. My name is Quicken. Please give me a moment while I review the info you provided.
 Quicken: Hi Me, how are you doing today?
 Me: Fine
 Quicken: Per my understanding, you get the wrong opening balance after download transaction from your bank. Right?
 Me: Yes
 Me: Not my bank but credit cards
 Me: Once I accept the transactions I end up with a huge credit all the way back to the opening balance
 Quicken: Check to see if you already have the latest update. Choose About Quicken from Quicken's Help menu, located near the top of the Quicken screen. If you see Release R5 below the Quicken logo, your program is already up to date.
 Me: I have R 5
 Quicken: Okay.
 Quicken: We need to test the issue in a new data file to find the root cause.

The steps to create a new data file are:

1) Please Open Quicken.
2) Go to the "File" menu >> "New" >> "New Quicken File". Click OK.
3) Name the file as "Test" and save it on the desktop.
4) Go to the "File" menu >> "New" >> "New Quicken Account". Click OK
5) Please select the bank in question, create a new account with the same account type as in the original file, and activate it.
 Quicken: Once you create a new file, please check the same issue in new file.
 Me: Ok, but it isn't one financial institution. It's all of my credit card accounts that do this
 Quicken: You mean to say that you are facing this issue with all your credit card account. Right?
 Me: Accounts, yes. I did what you requested and I got the correct balance after accepting the transactions.
 Quicken: You mean that you got the correct balance in new file. Right?
 Me: yes
 Quicken: Since when you are facing this issue in your original file?
 Me: Since upgrading to 2010 today
 Quicken: Ok.
 Quicken: If you get the incorrect opening balance only so you can manually change it.
 Me: Are you saying I did it and not the program? Because that is not the case
 Quicken: I would suggest you to please open you backup file which is not being converted yet.
 Me: Are you talking about restoring the backup file from yesterday, before the upgrade?
 Quicken: Yes.
 Me: The file has been restored and is converting. This will be my 3rd attempt
 Me: Ok, the file has been converted
 Quicken: Please check the same issue.
 Me: Instead of using one step update I'll just try updating one account
 Me: Here's what happened...
 Me: I downloaded the transactions for one of my credit cards. There were 2 transactions totaling 173.62 to accept. I selected Accept All. My account balance went from -245.25 to 27,023.59.
 Quicken: You should not have selected Accept All.
 Quicken: You should have accepted only those two transaction.
 Quicken: Now, you can manually match the transaction in your account register or you can delete all the transaction and re-download it.
 Me: If I do that then I lose the history
 Quicken: That might be causing the issue if you select Accept All.
 Me: I always use Accept All. By doing that I am accepting the two transactions. They were the only two listed. My opening balance went from 0 to 27442.46.
 Quicken: You can manually check the transaction.
 Me: I should be able to use Accept All. I have been doing that for years. This is bug with the software and I am not going to go in and manually tweak everything I have done over the years
 Quicken: Once you get all the transaction at the bottom of your window. You would get a lot of transaction there. If you select Accept all, it means all the transaction get entered into the  account register.
 Me: Yes, all 2 of the transactions which total 173.62.
 Me: Why was the opening balance changed?
 Quicken: Its changes due to the transaction you accepted. You click on Accept All.
 Me: By clicking on Accept All, I am accepting the 2 transactions. I have been doing this for years and I have never had my balance change. I would like to speak to someone who knows how this works. You are wasting my time.
 Quicken: You can manually enter the right balance if it is changed.
 Me: So I need to go account by account and write down the opening balance and update my transactions and readjust the opening balance. That will take a long time. This program has taken a huge step backwards since 2007. I really like the way you try to make it my fault too. That's real customer service. Thanks.
 You have disconnected.
________________________________________
I've been a Quicken user since the late 90s and until a few years ago updated yearly, now I do it every couple of years.  So, I'm not unfamiliar with the product and feel quite comfortable with its use.

The good:  The move from Quicken 2012 to Quicken 2014 was easy and just about everything seemed to transfer smoothly.  The only issue I've found so far is that some of my recently cleared transactions were no longer cleared in the register and showed up during the reconcile process.  Checking them off during the reconcile process caused the accounts to go out of balance and the program wanted to enter a balance adjustment.  You can fix this by going to the register and manually changing the transaction code to R.  It's not a big deal if you reconcile frequently and don't have a lot of transactions like I do, but I can see it being problematic for people with a long list of transactions to reconcile.

The new projected payoff graph and info is a neat feature, but it's not something I would miss if it wasn't there.  I'm still trying to figure out why the chart showing how much of the monthly payment is being applied to the loan vs interest has duplicate entries for the loan.  (ex. Loan A 52.66%, interest 47.08%, Loan A .26%)  As long as this doesn't start throwing off my register it shouldn't be a big deal, but I'd like to find a way to clean it up.

The bad:  The screen refresh is slow and the last transaction entered flickers for a bit making it difficult to manually enter more than one transaction in the register.  They really need to fix this as it's hard on the eyes, wastes time and is just plain annoying.

The budget feature is not pulling information from all of my categories to populate the budget fields.  Ex. I have one category for Auto Fuel and I have transactions in the category, but my budget has no entries for that budget category.

There are still a few issues from 2012 that continue in 2014.  When looking at my projected balances in the bills tab, the program still puts duplicate entries for some items that have been scheduled through my bank and are also recurring monthly payments.  The entries are only in the register once, but the program will not allow me to merge the recurring monthly transaction with the online banking transaction.  It would be nice if there were an easy way to merge these in the reminders list to avoid duplicate entries in the projected balances.

My biggest peeve is the tax planning screen.  I know it's just a guide and I only use it to estimate where we are in relation to our tax liability.  The problem is that the figures change randomly.  Sometimes it shows our income correctly and makes the calculations on that amount; then, randomly it will change to show only the future projected income.  It would be nice if the software consistently stayed with the option selected.  The only work around I've found that keeps the income correct is to select "data with no projected amount" or "user entered" data.  Interestingly enough using Quicken's paycheck entry system and selecting "estimate based on YTD daily average" results in negative income for us.  I don't know if this is because our tax situation is a little complicated, but the fact that it is complicated is exactly why I would love this feature to work.  Maybe this is their way of getting us to buy TurboTax, but that seems a bit silly when you pay someone to do your taxes and the main reason for using the tax planner is to avoid having the tax preparer tell you to write a check to the IRS in April.

Edited 10/25/13:  So it appears my initial review was a bit premature.  I've been using this program for 3 weeks now and every day I discover something else that doesn't work correctly.  First let's start with the fact that I have had to change several of my accounts back to reconcile with paper statements because the online balances with the banks do not match Quicken's idea of what the online balance is despite using web connect.  This is most prevalent with credit cards, which Quicken always wants to reconcile to a zero balance.

Even more frustrating is the way Quicken works with newly added loans.  I attempted to link student loans that I manually entered in Quicken and a couple new ones with Sallie Mae.  First off, this was a long and tedious process often giving the message that Quicken was not responding even though it was still working.  After a good 20 minutes or so the new loans finally downloaded.  I'm sure you'll understand that I was quite surprised that nearly $100k in loans miraculously had a zero balance.  If only Sallie Mae would accept Quicken's numbers, I'd be shouting it's praises from the rooftops.  So, I deleted the loans, went through the web connect process again and finally got the new loans added; although, I have to still go in and update the loan details.  Now off to set up web connect for the older loans, should be easy.  Right?  Well all the loans except the oldest linked without an issue.  I would have liked an option to select an account to link to instead of only having the option to add or ignore.  You know it's the little things that make a girl happy.  I decided to add it as a new account and then use the work around that I've used before to solve this problem (transfer the transactions from the old account to the new account, delete the old account and rename the new one).  Again, sounds like it should be easy.  Well, the problem is that even though there are payment transactions in the account, there's no register view to see them.  I'm only allowed to view a chart.  Sorry, but I prefer register view and being able to reconcile the transactions since the amounts applied to principle & interest calculated when using Quicken to enter the payments never matches the actual P&I figures and it's easier to do this by going to matching transaction through the loan than to search my checking account register for the transaction.  Now I'm thinking, I'm human maybe I made a mistake moving the transactions so I put them back in the original account.  Deleted the new account, renamed the old account to the exact name & loan # online and started the process again.  Now the loan linked.  Awesome, I'm finally done.  Or so I thought.  Guess what disappeared from my account?  The ability to see the register showing the principal part of the payments.  Again it's the little things.  Now I'm going to have to delete the account and manually enter it again; then, go through my register for my checking account and put the principal payment amount back to the loan.  I figure when all is said & done, I will have about 2 1/2 hours into this fiasco & in the end my accounts will be set up exactly the way they were before I started.  The only upside to this whole mess is that at least it will be after noon by the time I'm done because this program is going to drive me to drink.

So to recap:
Screen refresh slow
Downloads slow
Budget still doesn't auto-populate category fields despite
Duplicate entries in the bills tab for payments that are scheduled online through bank & recur monthly - no way to merge
Projected balances planning is always off (see above)
Tax planning is useless even for a ballpark figure (I'm talking a large MLB ballpark not little league)
Unable to auto-reconcile after downloading transactions because Quicken thinks my accounts are paid off
Loans entered using 2014 auto set up will not show payments in register format - thankfully manually entering the loan & not using web connect still works

I tried to be positive in the beginning, but I'm done.  I think it's time to find out how to get the 60 day money back guarantee on a download & revert to a backup of Quicken 2012.
[These comments are based on my continuing nightmare of lousy experiences with Quicken Deluxe 2008. This software, which has been getting continually worse since 2002, couldn't have possibly improved since then ... ]

For me Quicken 2008 was a forced/hostage upgrade from Quicken 2005. You "have" to upgrade since they've cut a deal with the financial institutions to cut off your online access with the institutions if you don't upgrade every three years. Just as found when I was hostage upgraded in 2005 from 2002, there's nothing more than a cosmetic face-lift, no meaningful fixes/improvements -- but there's even more bugs, problems and aggravation.

* Product now will not connect properly to Fidelity; no problem under 2005.

* Took forever to figure out how to turn off a "reminder" function ... that kept reminding me to pay bills already scheduled to be paid using the auto-pay function. 2005 did the same thing and it's not been fixed.

*You can turn off the product registration nag screen ... if you Google to find out how. Product does not have to be registered to use it.

* Un-reconciles accounts six months back every once in a while. I've been assuming that's being caused by a few bytes of bad data that occasionally comes from the financial institutions ... that the Quicken people have not properly coded so as to filter out. This bug also surfaced in 2005. Two weeks into 2008, I've seen it again already.

* You can't turn off the "free update/revision" nag screen unless you take the update. No such nag screen in 2005.

* When connecting, the completion screen used to show which accounts had new transactions to match and had convenient buttons next to each to take you directly to the account. Gone in 2008. Now I have to look through every account each time to see where transactions might have been retrieved.

* Icons everywhere attempting to peddle other unwanted Quicken products. One of the 'product improvements' in 2008.

* Doesn't handle stock distributions correctly (since they were not actually paid for); keeps generating error messages when you enter the correct posting of no cost incurred. Same problem in 2005.

* Tricky screens/checkboxes/prompts that try to bait you into using/enrolling for QuickenDot services when you don't have to or need to. Users that did so now post complaints they can't undo it and that the QuickenDot server is constantly down, causing problems/delays when trying to connect to other accounts using a one-step update.

Yet another company that's grown totally complacent about product quality while wallowing in its assured-for-the-moment revenue stream. It will bite them hard in the long-run. Postings indicate similar complaining regarding the major competitor product, Microsoft Money. If history is any lesson, there's no reason to suspect that these software products will ever get better under these conditions. Some other product will have to steal their customer base before they wake up and smell the coffee.

If you are not already committed to either of those two products, take a good long look at open source software such as GNU Cash.

[Update: April 15, 2008] Does now connect to Fidelity ... occasionally. When I opened the portfolio area today, the entire computer screen flashed with confusion and the product crashed. 2005 never once crashed. Still flashing but no subsequent crashes. Who knows what happened. Not me. Apparently not Quicken programmers either.

[Update: July 12, 2008] Connects to Fidelity now more or less on regular basis. Software still flashes/flickers routinely. Also slow to load, apparently trying to read every single record into RAM, regardless of age. Pop-up screen this morning stating "We've noticed you are not downloading your current Quicken Visa/MasterCard transactions, click here to ..." I don't have one. Obviously a deceptive come-on intended to trick users into the application process for a Quicken credit card. Nice. Still constantly beg-screens me to take the latest software update.

[Update: October 18, 2008] Just downloaded this week's financial transactions and Quicken wiped out four months of reconciliation on one of my credit cards ... again.

[Update: January 10, 2009] Tried to change the amount of an annual repeating payment. Refused to accept the change with the error message "You must make this change and sign on no later than six days before scheduled payment." Payment was set for April 4, 2009, almost three months in the future. I had to delete the payment, log on to make the deletion take effect, then enter the payment all over again for the new amount, then log on again to make that payment take effect. And when I tried to log on I rec'd an error message stating an Internet connection was not detected (a message I get rather often despite my always-on broadband). Luckily I can choose the "Ignore" button and it will go ahead and connect. Quicken programming staff = worthless carpetbaggers.

[Update: March 5, 2009] Wanted to stop an ongoing monthly repeating payment where the next scheduled payment was already in place in my register for March 27. I edited in a change for "how many times" from "unlimited" to "1." In other words, I wanted to pay on March 27 for the last time. When I logged on to the bank the first time, Quicken canceled the March 27 payment.  Now doesn't that take the cake--Quicken accounting/finance software programmers are unable to count up to one. And, as all too often anymore, the screen went wacko while I was logging onto the bank.

[Update: March 8, 2009] Quicken just UNreconciled one of my credit cards (again) back to the October, 2008 close. Luckily, its a card I don't use much. I suppose this has something to do with Quicken software coders not understanding the start of Daylight Savings Time.

[Update: March 27, 2009] The repeating payment change I referred to at March 5, 2009? The saga continues. When I tried to enter the NEW repeating payment, it wouldn't take. I entered it, connected to the bank and nothing happened. The payment did not show in the list of repeating payments or in the register. I tried deleting the payee entirely to start over, but Quicken wouldn't/won't let me delete that payee at all. It claims it cannot be deleted because there is a repeating payment in effect ... that would be the payment that is ALREADY canceled. Which means I can't cancel it so I can't delete the payee. To set up the new payment I ended up having to create an entire new payee to make the new payment 'take.' I had to put a dash in the middle of the account number to create the new payee since Quicken won't allow two repeating payments with the exact same account number. And I am still stuck with the old payee on file which I cannot delete at all. I had to call the bank twice just to make sure the durn payment is actually going to be made on time ... and made only once ... and for the correct amount. You would think there would be a way to force deletion of a payee. Then again YOU are thinking, Quicken programmers on the other hand are off somewhere slurping down a latte.

[Update: April 2, 2009] Have an established monthly recurring payment of $[...] and would like to change it to $[...]. Enter the Online Center, click on Repeating. There it is. Click on it then select Edit. Change the amount from $[...] to $[...]. Save the change. Seems simple enough. Log on to the bank. Result: (1) Quicken cancels the next pending payment, on April 19, of $[...]. So far so good. (2) Quicken enters a pending payment into the checkbook register for $[...] dated May 19. Huh? What happened to my April payment? God only knows what will happen if I tinker with this recurring payment any further. I will write a paper check for one month ... and hope for the best. A[...]

[Update: July 14, 2009] Quicken is popping up a screen telling me I am overdue on a July 10 payment to a vendor for $[...]. The register shows the payment was made and cleared on July 10. And it's reminding me to schedule another future payment ... that's already scheduled. It's the same durn thing I was talking about in bullet # 2 at the top of the review, apparently it's a zombie bug that has now risen from the dead. Still begs me to take the Quicken software update constantly.

[Update: September 15, 2009] Quicken has suddenly started reminding me ... once again ... that certain bills are overdue, even though they've already been paid using the automatic monthly payment function. It asks me if I want to delete, pay or skip. I can only guess what havoc might occur if I delete or skip ... so I just keep waiting for the nag screen to eventually go away.

When Quicken goes under, I'm going to wear a pink tuxedo to the funeral.

NOTE: I have posted a copy of this review under "Quicken 2010 Deluxe" and I will add any further comments and updates to that post.]
I've been using Quicken since the 90s, and up until today had been using Quicken 2011.  Along with my email client, Quicken is the most important software program on my PC.  So when I was notified today that Quicken 2013 was available, I went online to see what new features were available.  When I saw the availability to view my Quicken data on my iPad, I immediately purchased Quicken 2013 from Amazon (download), solely for that iPad capability.

To my shock, only after purchasing & installing Quicken 2013 did I learn that the Mobile App capability does NOT work with non-US accounts.

I accept that quite likely most Quicken users live in the US, with all their accounts being US Dollar accounts, and therefore this problem does not apply.

In my case, I track 10 bank accounts & credit cards.  Of these, only 3 are US dollar accounts or credit cards, and these are only secondary accounts & card, rarely used, and not what I would view often on my iPad.  So the sole reason for me upgrading to Quicken 2013 for the Mobile App capability was useless and therefore a waste of my money.

I must mention, though, that during the setup of my Quicken Cloud account, I was told that "at this time" Quicken Mobile App support only works with US bank account & credit cards.  So hopefully Intuit are working on this limitation, and soon I'll be able to view non-US bank accounts & cards on my iPad. :-)

I just wanted to post this review, so that anyone else with non-US accounts & cards are aware of this limitation.

Having said that, the following are my impressions of the iPad App itself .....

Overall, it's not great, but for a 1st release it's OK.

When I open up Quicken on my PC, I have it set to show me all my (non-hidden) bank accounts & credit cards, along with my current balance for each.  There is no way (that I've found) to have my Quicken iPad App do the same on the opening screen.  It is possible, though, and takes just 1 finger press to call up that information, so I'm not complaining.  It's just that the initial display screen shows items that I never use, such as Spending by Category, Budgets, etc.

A bigger issue with the Quicken iPad display is that when bank accounts & credit cards are selected, the display states that it's showing the "Current Balance" in the top-right corner, but the amount displayed is actually the "Ending Balance".  To explain, I have Quicken on my PC set to automatically enter in bills into my register 65 days ahead of time, so I can see at a glance any upcoming credits/payments/debits, etc.  In my desktop register, each entry shows the Current Balance on each line.  At the bottom of the register, both Current Balance and Ending Balance are shown.  In my case, the Ending Balance is irrelevant - only the Current Balance is of interest to me.  And I have my accounts list on the left side display Current Balance (the other option is Ending Balance, for those who prefer that).  But there's no option yet in the iPad App to select Current Balance to be displayed.

Again, this is only the 1st release of the Quicken iPad App, so I'm optimistic that hopefully in the near future it will become more customizable.

And hopefully soon the Quicken iPad App will support non-US bank accounts and cards.  Until then it's useless for me, and not worth my upgrade earlier today to Quicken 2013.
If there was another comprehensive product on the market I would switch.  There a numerous bugs in the product that have existed for years.  I regularly get data corruption - reconcile an account one month and the next month, inexplicably, the opening balance is wrong.  As a result I have numerous "Balance adjustments" thru the register and I cannot trust the balance reported for prior points in time.  Delete a transaction and the register ALWAYS repositions at the end of the register, truly annoying.  Transaction types in the investment register are different if you are in the overall register vs. editing 1 transaction.  If you start a transaction in the register and go to the edit transaction sub-window, the cursor always bounces to the transaction date field.  Sometimes Enter/New" is available, sometimes it isn't.  Reconcile accounts always picks multiple transactions as reconciled - you have to "mark all" then "clear all" to be able to do transaction at a time reconciliation, and for some unknown reason the date order of the transactions is from most current at top to oldest at bottom - I don't know any statement that lists transactions in this order.  If you mark a transaction as "cleared" it becomes impossible to remove the setting without deleting the transaction and reentering it.  If you accidentally delete a transaction in one register that is part of a transfer and the transaction in the other register has been reconciled, you will likely corrupt the source register,
Latest glitch - when reconciling an investment register, clicking a transaction to set it as reconciled causes the reconcile window to minimize and bounces you back to the register.  The only way to stay in the reconcile window is to close the register after starting reconciliation.
BTW, know that every bank, credit card, and investment transaction you download goes thru a Quicken server - they get a record of everything you do...
My view - Quicken management keeps "improving" the product by adding worthless "features" and has no interest in fixing bad code and the design of the product. I hate the product and use it ONLY because I have not found any other viable option.  I looked at AceMoney but they do not support importing split transactions very well and would have required manually entering years of history.
This software is by far the worst bit of programming I have ever had the misfortune of working with.  I think it would be easier and more intuitive to use paper-and-pencil spreadsheets than it has been to use Quicken Deluxe 2011.

I want to start managing my financial transactions as of 1/1/11.  Obviously, all of my accounts have previous transactions, but I will use the balance as of 1/1/11 as the opening balance, and then track the individual transactions from there.  Simple enough, right?  Wrong.  Upon adding accounts, Quicken automatically decides to download hundreds of days worth of transaction data from the past few years.  I have to go through and delete all of this data for each and every account.

I want to download and review the transactions from my checking account, so I can keep tabs on all of my spending, and assign each transaction to either a spending category or set it up as a transfer to one of my other accounts.  Simple enough, right?  Wrong again.  Apparently Quicken has automatically decided to schedule FOR TODAY a transfer transaction that my bank's website has setup for 2 weeks from now.  Each time I update the account, I have another $300 transfer from my checking account into my savings account.  I can't get it to stop!

I decide that I'll enter the checking account transactions manually, rather than continuing to have Quicken automatically schedule future transfers immediately.  Simple enough, right?  Again, WRONG!  I can't stop the online transfers, I can't delete the account, and Quicken tells me that I can't because there is a bill scheduled for this account that must be deleted first.

I try to find some reference to a bill that is scheduled against this account.  Simple enough, right?  You guessed it... there aren't any!  They've all been marked for deletion, but Quicken won't actually delete them!  I have bills scheduled for the next 12 months, all of them marked for deletion, but Quicken won't get rid of them!  If I click on the delete option, it asks if I want to undo the delete.  If I undo it, I can't change it... I can't delete it... I can't get rid of it!  Which means I can't delete the checking account, which means that every time I update the account, the $300 gets transferred AGAIN... and AGAIN... and AGAIN!

Enough is enough!  I'm done with Quicken Deluxe 2011.
After almost fourteen years ( began using 1997 ) Quicken has finally pushed me over the edge. I will NOT buy another version.  Quicken Deluxe 2014 (QD2014) is the MOST frustrating interface I have EVER used. Whenever I get done using QD2014 it is Wild Turkey time to calm my nerves.
INSTALL:
I have to admit the upgrade from QD2011 to QD2014 was actually painless but that is about the only pain-free step I have encountered.  After importing && converting my backup QDF from 2011 to 2014 I noticed my system was incredibly slow. Quicken has grabbed half the CPU & RAM. Opening & closing the software did nothing to resolve that issue, a reboot was necessary to resolve that problem. After rebooting and opening QD2014 I do have to admit that opening QD2014 did seem noticeably faster than QD2011 but that is where any noticeable gains end.
APPLICATION:
Entering the GUI I noticed no differences between QD2011 & QD2014. Then I began to use the GUI and that is where the frustration began. Below is a list of every irritation I have encountered thus far.
- Alt+Tab from QD2014 to any other application and QD2014 looses focus on the field you are on and moves focus to the toolbar.
- Virtually NONE of the keyboard shortcuts work any longer. i.e.;Ctrl+C, Ctrl+P, etc. They are listed but they do not work. Delete ( Ctrl+D ) works but that is all I have found.
- None of the transactions edits work ( Edit >> Transaction >> Copy, Paste, etc. ) when using a mouse gesture. When tried they simply change focus to the transaction behind the pop-up menu. If I click Edit, then finish navigating with the arrows on the keyboard, the Transaction Edits will work.
- When entering memorized fields ( Payee, Category, etc. ) the keyboard usage is changed.  Atl+Down Arrow used to bring up menu. The only thing the Alt key does any more is remove focus so you have to use the mouse to put it back on your field.
- The Category fields do not remember the last category any longer with a consistent logic. For example having multiple sub-classes under Auto for fuel, repair, etc only returns the update to the high level Auto. Most times the category history is simply alphabetized with focus set to the first alphabetic choice. For example, when entering a transaction for a restraunt we frequent the category choice always defaults to Gift: Birthday and not Dining because I once bought a gift card for a Birthday gift. QD2011 defaulted to last usage.
- Many pop-up screens have a Red-X in the top right corner to close the pop-up screen, but the Red-X is never enabled.
- Most areas of the register require the user to click two times to set focus. The first click generates of flash of some sort, the second click sets the focus. I think the first click flash opens the pop-up menu for the field, then the second click sets focus.
- If you change an amount for a register entry that has split transaction entries the interface goes haywire. I have an entry for my car note as a scheduled payment, Quicken prompts me with the principle plus calculated interest amount. I generally accept the calculated amount. If I pay extra in a month and I go into QD2014 and change the entered amount, and hit 'Enter' QD2014 says the split items do not match, click ok to edit the split. QD2014 now brings up the split amount for the next transaction in the register.

I went to a few Quicken support sites and I read that Quicken was claiming that some of actions are new features. WTCuss?!  Who decided that? I can see if they wanted Quicken to operate differently and adding that option in the application ( Edit >> Preferences >> Setup ) but the Setup Switch does virtually nothing.
After years of small annoyances this release has pushed me over the edge & I've started looking for a replacement.
Goodbye Intuit. Goodbye Quicken.

Topic 17: slow 0.03024 fan 0.00701 big 0.00643 incredibly 0.00627 bad 0.00625 rip 0.00563 performance 0.0054 ui 0.00497 blame 0.0042 path 0.00334
 How Many: 26822
I have been a Quicken user since the 90s and have suffered upgrades all along the way to retain broker-download ability, etc., but this release is the worst of them all  A total embarrassment for Intuit that I think puts a stain on their brand. I have used TurboTax in the past as well but have moved away from it for similar reasons.

In summary, if you can find an alternative to Quicken, I would strongly advise you do so. This is an example of a dying product that is being milked by a shameless company that long ago lost any pride of workmanship in their products let alone a focus on making them work well for anybody but those with two or three records to enter. Its always sad to see a once great company die on the vine, but I suppose its the natural order of things once the original/real developers/innovators sell their interests to corporate < fill in your own adjectives>.

Performance: In general the UI performance is so sluggish it feels like a bloated spaghetti-code pile of crap that managers have forced developers to ship without completing fully after forcing them to add a bunch of fluffy UI bells and whistles to their ball of yarn that nobody cares about but some dumb fresh MBA grad thought customers wanted or so they could claim new features to market. This release is an embarrassment.

Privacy and invasiveness: The privacy statements are horrid, following a very bad industry trend of becoming invasive, near virus-like in their grab of personal information and forcing agreements with vague assurances they will do no harm while not providing opt-out ability. I just want a darn accounting app with broker-download, and no I don't want you to retain my broker account passwords and know where I live, etc..

Quicken 2014 forces saving of account passwords instead of allowing these to be entered at each download and never saved which prior releases supported. Upon upgrading this ability was gone and it forced me to setup a password vault, and between that and their update processes resulted in creating a Windows Certificate that Windows then nagged me to backup What? No! Wheres the opt-out? Dont ram features down my throat!

One of their privacy statements (or should we now say privacy-relinquishing-agreements) says If we store your login credentials, we will maintain and encrypt them on our firewall-protected servers. Sounds like their lawyers aren't even sure if they will store your login credentials on their servers or not, but you must agree to this vague statement. Do you feel assured? Perhaps some sheople do

You also have to Register with your name and address to get broker-download to work Yeah, like thats necessary too Maybe Im alone on this, but until we as customers start pushing back on this type of crap we might as well all just sign one simple agreement that says I agree to no privacy in exchange for using this product It seems thats where companies like Intuit are taking us.

The UI isn't just slow, its horrid. Example of new neophyte UI work: Hotkey snarfing while another application is active. The Quicken UI snarfs hotkeys I use in Microsoft Word, resulting in Quicken foisting its ugly bloated self to the foreground forcing me to close the pile of crap while using Microsoft Word! It appears the hotkey snarfing only occurs when Quicken is expecting certain input like after broker-download but Im unclear at this point.

This app is not just unpolished, its downright ugly to watch it jerk and stumble to paint dialogs like our PCs did in the early 90s and has a feel to it like the genius managers at Intuit farmed out further development to high school interns working in sweatshops in some country where people jump out of windows (thus the pride of workmanship) This is what happens when an app doesnt have enough competition it gets milked by the shameless with no pride in their product. I would be embarrassed to admit being in their R&D chain of command. Shame on you Intuit!
I am on the verge of requesting a refund for this product. After years of waiting for a usable Mac version, I finally installed Quicken on my workstation. (Windows 7, 8 Gb RAM, high-end nVidia graphics) The UI on this application is sluggish, widgets in the column view leave trails when scrolling, switching between panes cause the window frame of the main application to flicker, windows redraw with layers of blocky shapes. I feel like I'm using a crappy website instead of native software. It is shameful that this is the so-called gold standard and that they feel entitled to charge so much for it. Other than that, it's about the same as the as the last time I used Quicken years ago, except a crummier, unresponsive version.
Although my taxes have been done for 17 days, I can not file until TurboTax gets their form 8582 forms completed (Intuit's latest estimated delivery date is February 15th! -- If I were a betting man I would put $100 on another delay).  So I wait and continue to be incredibly frustrated.  In my estimation it is inexcusible for Intuit to be so slow with this updated form.  The tech support people I talked with blame the IRS for the hold up.  I don't know whose problem it is, though my research and my suspicions tend to make me blame  Intuit. I feel that Intuit's bungling with the DRM situation and the well documented failures of this years product are good enough reasons to stay away for good.  Any company that promises a product and can't deliver should be held up for scorn.  I started me taxes Jan 20, and am still waiting to file becuase of Intuit's incompetence in delivering timely updates and forms.
Although my taxes have been done for 17 days, I can not file until TurboTax gets their form 8582 forms completed (Intuit's latest estimated delivery date is February 15th! -- If I were a betting man I would put $100 on another delay).  So I wait and continue to be incredibly frustrated.  In my estimation it is inexcusible for Intuit to be so slow with this updated form.  The tech support people I talked with blame the IRS for the hold up.  I don't know whose problem it is, though my research and my suspicions tend to make me blame  Intuit. I feel that Intuit's bungling with the DRM situation and the well documented failures of this years product are good enough reasons to stay away for good.  Any company that promises a product and can't deliver should be held up for scorn.  I started me taxes Jan 20, and am still waiting to file becuase of Intuit's incompetence in delivering timely updates and forms.
I am not able to download this software. My Norton Anti-virous program has a block on this software. It is reporting a virus.
Norton Safe Web has analyzed d11ma0fva6ce74.cloudfront.net for safety and security problems.
Threat Name:
PUA.AdvSysOptimizer
Location:
http://d11ma0fva6ce74.cloudfront.net/a0703aa5-7286-4faa-abdf-b42b6521c399/asosetup.exe?Key-Pair-Id=APKAJBLH5QROLESVVVHQ&Expires=1447420064&response-content-disposition=attachment;filename=%22Advanced_System_Optimizer_v3_Download.exe%22;filename*=UTF-8%27%27Advanced_System_Optimizer_v3_Download.exe&Signature=EDx8~thmS-vor36TyTcCwN7Jsl0Hxnk48aqziQatsHiaNuYZtYFGLlbqcPx~oQSOd0o4Tz~L1ErqCe9uVxIrT-Zyy1t-WZP2Dh5W~SRDwJ8PJFA1k~zMJOLHwSRK6iYq1A62j6eEbjLmsrAM4p9gOUYnAATfi7vHTf9Zf6GfdJ8_
This version is a terrible performance downgrade.  Virtually nothing has changed in the application otherwise, besides the mobile sync which oddly is inferior to using Inutit's own competing product, Mint.

Inutit did something to Quicken causing the auto reconcile process to take about five to ten seconds, where previously it was on the order of one second--still incredibly slow for such a simple computing task.  And if you click to another account before it's done (there's no indication from Quicken about whether or not the task is completed), it will reward you with even more slowness, popping up the old register and flashing the screen a bunch.  Just plain awful programming.

Lots of others have complained about this but it hasn't yet been fixed, if they ever decide to fix it.

Contacting support proved a laughable experience.  The rep's first suggestion was to shorten mouse pointer trails.  They weren't even on, and even if they were, that couldn't possibly cause a performance problem!  Later, he suggested that my filename could be too long.  Again--no possible way this could cause a slowdown, not to mention cause one in Quicken 2014 but not 2012.
Attachments no longer show a preview so you need to open the attachment to see what it is. Furthermore, there is no description of the attachment like in 2012 and 2013 - those descriptions were lost in the upgrade, only a tiny icon remains, indicating file type and the date attached. Attachment window is a giant advertisement - it's not designed to be informative or easier to use, only to advertise Intuit cloud services and cause their customer more mouse clicks than should be necessary to attach files. Quicken 2014 always starts in the middle of the screen, not where you last left it. That problem was solved by developers back in the early 90's. Screen drawing is painfully slow - even on a fast system. Disappointing.
Have been using this from the DOS days and I regardless how bad it got over the last few years, I haven't felt the need to complain until this release (suffering in silence like many of you.) I knew it was a bad idea adopting it this early but I needed the tax projection utility.

However, when you enter a transaction in a plain old check register and the running balance is wrong, it is time to complain. Then it becomes necessary to write poor reviews on Amazon when you cannot navigate through the company's web presence nightmare to report a bug. And then when you finally figure out a place to report and you send an incredibly detailed report of what is happening and the (gees I hope it was) robot responds to please send more info, it really is time to complain publicly.

This seems to be one of those releases where there is nothing "gee whiz" to report. I would almost classify it as just a bug release for 2013 but they have broken too many thing to call it a bug fix.

Unless you have some incredibly compelling reason to update, I would stay as far away from this as you can. Wait until you have read somewhere in a big headline that Quicken has heard the wailing and gnashing of teeth and have released nothing but a fix.

Intuit, if you are going to issue messes like this, you must have a very clear path for your loyal (for now) clients to let you know what is wrong and not shift them off to automation.

Also, I don't need a stock reply of how shocked you are or whatever - give me real resources to help you fix your product so we can both be happy.

UPDATE: Still no update that I am aware of for all the problems listed UNLESS you notice they are hawking the 2015 version. If this is my update path, it is really depressing. I so wish there was a real alternative to this software.

UPDATE 9/29/2014: So after wrestling with this for this long, I have given up. It took some time, but I converted to GnuCash. Google it. There are very few things it cannot do that Quicken does but the absolute clincher is that if you use the MySQL version, you have access to YOUR DATA. I know Intuit does not care that they lost a customer but I have been using the program since about 1990. If they have have screwed up their program and let their customer service get so incredibly poor that a customer that has been using the product for 34 years gives up, it should tell you not only where this product is headed, but where it is.

Intuit, if you want to talk to me, you can call ME. I will supply you with my telephone number if you like. Just don't bother with your hollow boiler-plate responses here.
This is incredibly sad. They are just releasing 2015 software without ANY attempt to fix 2014 software because they are trying to get away from the horrible reviews of 2014. Quicken 2014 is HORRIBLY broken and their fix is to charge us >$100 to buy 2015. Intuit, you do not have Microsoft's monopoly.

If you think 2015 is going to be ANY better than 2014, please know that I have been using this software for 24 years and it is now in such a decline spiral that I can't imagine it recovering.

I haven't felt the need to complain until the 2014 release (suffering in silence like many of you.) I knew it was a bad idea adopting it this early but I needed the tax projection utility.

However, when you enter a transaction in a plain old check register and the running balance is wrong, it is time to complain. Then it becomes necessary to write poor reviews on Amazon when you cannot navigate through the company's web presence nightmare to report a bug. And then when you finally figure out a place to report and you send an incredibly detailed report of what is happening and the (gees I hope it was) robot responds to please send more info, it really is time to complain publicly.

This seems to be one of those releases where there is nothing "gee whiz" to report. I would almost classify it as just a bug release for 2013 but they have broken too many thing to call it a bug fix.

Unless you have some incredibly compelling reason to update, I would stay as far away from this as you can. Wait until you have read somewhere in a big headline that Quicken has heard the wailing and gnashing of teeth and have released nothing but a fix.

Intuit, if you are going to issue messes like this, you must have a very clear path for your loyal (for now) clients to let you know what is wrong and not shift them off to automation.

Also, I don't need a stock reply of how shocked you are or whatever - give me real resources to help you fix your product so we can both be happy.

UPDATE: Still no update that I am aware of for all the problems listed UNLESS you notice they are hawking the 2015 version. If this is my update path, it is really depressing. I so wish there was a real alternative to this software.

UPDATE 9/29/2014: So after wrestling with this for this long, I have given up. It took some time, but I converted to GnuCash. Google it. There are very few things it cannot do that Quicken does but the absolute clincher is that if you use the MySQL version, you have access to YOUR DATA. I know Intuit does not care that they lost a customer but I have been using the program since about 1990. If they have have screwed up their program and let their customer service get so incredibly poor that a customer that has been using the product for 24 years gives up, it should tell you not only where this product is headed, but where it is.

Intuit, if you want to talk to me, you can call ME. I will supply you with my telephone number if you like. Just don't bother with your hollow boiler-plate responses here.
Been using Turbotax since 1997.  Looks like 2013 was my last year.  Just a tragic rip off so I'm off to H&R Block.  Not because they're the best UI or easiest to use... but they seem to actually care about their customers.  What's so tragic about this is that presumably there was a deliberate executive meeting which led to the short-sighted decisions to cash in all those years of customer loyalty in pursuit of profit at any cost.  No doubt Intuit shareholders must be delighted at the outcome...

Topic 18: use 0.17665 easy 0.0265 used 0.02574 difficult 0.01879 interface 0.01638 makes 0.01414 figure 0.01355 make 0.01269 frustrating 0.01164 easier 0.0108
 How Many: 26822
I had quicken a long time ago and liked it so I thought that I would give it a try again. With in minutes of downloading this I realized that it was horrible. It is too complicated. It is not user friendly at all, Its hard to figure out how to use it. I thought that maybe my husband could figure it out then teach me since he is more computer savvy. When he played with it he also agreed that it was hard to figure out how to use and that he hated it to. I am really frustrated that in trying to budget better I ended up losing money with this program.
After yet another frustrating and fruitless session with this worthless software, I logged on here at Amazon to write a scathing revew.  Lo and behold, many other reviewers had beat me to it!  Kinda makes my day to see I'm not alone. Quicken came  bundled with my new Mac G5 -- but Apple wasn't doing me any favors.  Where to start?  Poorly designed interface, difficulty of use, absence of many keyboard shortcuts, and a worthless Help section head the list.  I was using Microsoft Money 99 on my old PC before making the switch and I loved it:  easy to use, easy to look at, straightforward instructions and a plethora of shortcuts made it user-friendly.  It was everything Quicken for Mac isn't, in other words.

  Somehow I accidently deleted several weeks of register entries -- gone forever.  Okay, I'm a computer klutz, but this NEVER happened in over 5 years of using Money '99.  I tried to find 'list of payees' in the Help section.  Pretty simple, you would think, but it only came up with 'On-line Payee' - something quite different.  That's just one example of many.  Also, I found it extremely tedious, bordering on impossible, to set up new categories and subcatagories of payments.  On the other hand, Quicken has a lot of fancy bells and whistles I'll never use, and I doubt that most customers will, either.  Since I have a Mac now, I obviously can't go back to MIcrosoft Money, but there's gotta be something out there that's better-and cheaper--than Quicken, i.e., anything!  Maybe it just got fat and lazy over the years -- but whatever the reason, don't even THINK about buying it.
After yet another frustrating and fruitless session with this worthless software, I logged on here at Amazon to write a scathing revew.  Lo and behold, many other reviewers had beat me to it!  Kinda makes my day to see I'm not alone. Quicken came  bundled with my new Mac G5 -- but Apple wasn't doing me any favors.  Where to start?  Poorly designed interface, difficulty of use, absence of many keyboard shortcuts, and a worthless Help section head the list.  I was using Microsoft Money 99 on my old PC before making the switch and I loved it:  easy to use, easy to look at, straightforward instructions and a plethora of shortcuts made it user-friendly.  It was everything Quicken for Mac isn't, in other words.

  Somehow I accidently deleted several weeks of register entries -- gone forever.  Okay, I'm a computer klutz, but this NEVER happened in over 5 years of using Money '99.  I tried to find 'list of payees' in the Help section.  Pretty simple, you would think, but it only came up with 'On-line Payee' - something quite different.  That's just one example of many.  Also, I found it extremely tedious, bordering on impossible, to set up new categories and subcatagories of payments.  On the other hand, Quicken has a lot of fancy bells and whistles I'll never use, and I doubt that most customers will, either.  Since I have a Mac now, I obviously can't go back to MIcrosoft Money, but there's gotta be something out there that's better-and cheaper--than Quicken, i.e., anything!  Maybe it just got fat and lazy over the years -- but whatever the reason, don't even THINK about buying it.
I use quickbooks professionally and thought quicken would be easy to switch to for personal use but it is not as easy to use as QuickBooks and the same tricks and shortcuts don't seem to apply. Not as intuitive as I had hoped for.
This Quicken program is poorly written, non intuitive, practically impossible to figure out how to follow, not worthy of the Macintosh name on its pkg.
This software is not intuitive or easy to use.  I've used MSMoney 2007 and am quite happy with it.  I have used MSMoney for years in various reincarnations, but purchased this one for my significant other to use because she truly believes Mac's to be superior.  Well, she stopped using the software after having it for 2 weeks because it was not easy to use....  So I'd recommend saving your money and managing it in some other manner.
Not at all intuitive. Super confusing then they expect you to pay an outrageous fee to go to a class and learn how to use their program. Confusing interface that takes you layers and layers deep into the program with no trail or way back.
Not nearly as user friendly as the earlier editions -transistioning  from step by step to forms then trying to get to the exact location to make changes or corrections was awkward - redundant questions should be eliminated
When I finally figure out how to use some of the tools they change the way to use them. Need to make it easier to use and quit changing the way I use Quicken.
Very difficult to use... six months later and I still can't figure out all the features or an easy way to use them. Very frustrating!
